DarkSakura's
Hello my fiends out there on the internet.
Welcome to a very dark Studio N7 and another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 666.
Say it forward, say it backwards, it's all the same.
Episode number 666 of Orange Lounge Radio Live for this 20 November 2016.
You see, this is what the year 2016 does to nationally recognized nerd holidays such as
20 November.
It flips them to the land of the upside down.
Where myself, Rob Roberts, is sitting right now with my co-hosts, I'm Cersei Nightshade.
Somebody has gotten out the Ouija board and summoned without the use of radio magic live
to the studio DarkSakura, Jamie Sommers.
Welcome back from the land of the working and lost and tired DarkSakura.
And also joining us in studio, I will still meet you for that crap, I don't care what
episode it is.
And also say hello in studio to the one and only Satan Master, Loki.
Hello.
Hi Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Welcome back to the show.
Yes.
I know you missed our little show mid-week, but I hope everything's better, so.
Yeah, I mean, it's fine.
Awesome.
Alright, so here we are, episode 666 as mentioned of our show, and a number of a show that we
never thought we'd actually get to.
I think.
What was that, Loki?
I was just saying that I'm still disappointed we missed so many shows, because originally
it was supposed to land on my birthday, and that would have been fantastic, but it's just
not meant to be, apparently.
Well, even the devil needs a vacation once in a while, Loki, but.
No, the devil's doing other work right now.
Devil's been busy interviewing people all weekend.
But here's the thing, we never thought we'd get this far, but here we are, the true episode
666, which I think got back on episode 66, I think we joked, the show would have to be
going for like 14 years for us to get to an actual episode 666, and there's been joke
episode 666s.
Our old pal, Travis Donovan, who did the show Understation Live, he filled in for us one
night when we weren't here live on one of our many excursions, like E3 week or something
like that, and he was with his buddy that he used to do Understation Live with, Bresl,
or whatever he goes by now these days, and they did like episode 666, but now, so now
there's two realities of an episode 666, so we've had to take the stranger things approach.
So is this like the true Back to the Future 2 reality, or is this the Biff Tannen reality?
I'm gonna leave that for y'all to decide at the end of the night, that's what I'm gonna
say right there.
But you guys are there in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, where we do tape live
every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, or should I say 666 o'clock Pacific, nine
o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, and as we talked about on Bobby
Black Wolf tonight, I do wanna mention here right at the top of the show, a very big congratulation
to Bobby Black Wolf for getting engaged this past week while he was off on a cruise around
wherever they were, the Caribbean I think it was, because you mentioned there was a
show, the Pirates in the Caribbean, because they were actually there, so congratulations
to Bobby and Jennifer on that, very, very, very excited for them.
Looking through chat over at live.vognetwork.com, let's see, Ikuma JP in chat says, why 666
always has to be dark, 666 can be lollipop-y, I like that word, lollipop, I wanna lollipop,
our soccer, get me a lollipop, I gave you pineapple soda, that is, that is, it was sweet,
it was sugary, like a lollipop would be, I didn't lick it, but I drank it, anyway, let's
see, also in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, let's see, Maya is in our chat saying episode
666 will be comprised entirely of our host acting out chic tracks, I think you're chic
tracks, I'm not sure exactly what, oh, like the asshole jack chick, oh, that used to write
those, you're going to hell, oh, oh, oh, oh, that was a deep joke, that was good, you're,
you're not Southern Baptist, you're going to hell, that's like the little article in
the newspaper that says, warning, all these people are going to hell, and it's like all
the coolest people you know, yeah, what's that, Darsara, just to let you know, there
is some weird apocrypha, post biblical apocrypha created, that indicates that 666 is some
mystically bad number, that it's apparently going to be tattooed on everyone's head during
the rapture, even though there's no actual reference to it in what is considered the
Christian Bible, and how do we know it's not 999 upside down? Because that would be a sale,
999 are you out of your mind? That's exactly how many NES classics they actually made,
by the way. But I would assume that the number six, anyway, has a similar negative connotation
to the number four in Japan, without the reference to death. So are you saying that we missed
an opportunity to do all this cheesy, over the top, scary shit way back on episode four?
We could have, if we had been a little more culturally sensitive. I see. Well, everybody,
from here on out now, you'll just have to look forward to episode number 4444, because
that will be the next landmark evil episode. How about that? Four fours. And so what year
would that be in? We'll be dead. We will be about 70 years old when that episode happens.
No, that would be even more than that. You have to go, like, daily. And for Ikuma, that
is the closest parallel I could think of to illustrate kind of how unlucky the number
is. If it's the closest thing I could think of. Alright, I do want to get into video games,
but since tonight is a little bit of a quote unquote special episode, I actually thought,
you know, it's funny that there was the comment earlier about why can't 666 be lollipop-y?
I thought, actually, we could start maybe with something a little bit more positive,
just because I think everybody expects something negative and scary. And Loki brings us plenty
of that when we get into Nintendo news later. But I thought we'd take a minute to talk about,
especially because considering today is 20 November. And I know a lot of listeners might
not understand the significance of that and why we were trying to make such a landmark
show happen on 20 November. But remember that Orange Lounge Radio, myself, Dark Soccer,
and Loki, we all met playing a little video game known as Dance Dance Revolution at the
arcade, you know, when people still hung out at arcades regularly. Well, that's coming
back a little bit, depending on where you are. But anyway, we all met, you know, playing
DDR and getting into that community and established friendships there. And in the early days
of Orange Lounge Radio, Orange Lounge, by the way, one of the bands actually in DDR
that does songs for, and when I say DDR, I really mean the whole Bomani family, Beatmania.
I'm simplifying things for people who might not have been around back then. But where
was I going with that? DDR was back in the day, we were all playing together. Oh, and
Orange Lounge Radio was one of the bands in, or excuse me, Orange Lounge was one of the
bands in DDR. So we took the name as a Beatles tribute band might call themselves
Yellow Submarine, or an ABBA tribute band might call themselves Bjorn Again or Mamma
Mia or something. But anyway, so we took a name of one of the bands and, you know, Lounge
was to give that talk radio atmosphere. So really, I mean, this show happened because
of DDR. So it's kind of funny that today being 20 November, that's kind of recognized as
a music gaming holiday, because one of the first songs you play in DDR or Beatmania,
because it's a beginner level song, is 20 November. And that was a song by DJ, what
was his name, DJ Nagureyo? Nagureyo. Nagureyo was his name, and that actually was his birthday.
So that's funny as that we turned the dude's birthday into a Bomani holiday, but you know,
a lot of the people who really nerded out on music games 15 years ago, if you can believe
that's how long it's been, kind of adopted that as the unofficial holiday. So here we
are. So now we get a landmark episode and that. But the reason I state all of that is,
you know, we've come a long way here at Orange Tons Radio. Not a lot of podcasts have hit
666 episodes. I don't know of any weekly show that has. I certainly know of multi-week shows
and daily shows that have hit that type of number, but I don't know of any weekly shows
that have hit 666. So you know, we've been doing this for a while. And I thought it's
kind of like a nice thing to start the show off tonight. I thought I'd ask you guys, what is the
positive influence that doing this show has had on your life? Like, what is the, what are the good
things that have come of doing Orange Tons Radio? And I would even, you know, for a change, turn
that over to our listeners as well in the chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Like, I'm not looking
to inflate our egos too much, but it is a special landmark episode. I'm very curious, you know,
what is, what has the show done for you out there? So, Jamie, ladies first, you're back after a
break. What has Orange Tons Radio done for you? What is, what does the show meant to you over the
years? I have something to do on Sunday. It's a thing to do. I made a lot of good friends. That's
a big one. I certainly got a lot more confidence for speaking out. And even with a few negative
experiences, it's taught me how to let a few things go like water off a deck's back and, and
how to get my revenge. I mean, how to, how to properly mitigate damage on social media. How
exactly have you gotten your revenge? I'm a little concerned now. Maybe it's coming. What? I'm trying
to remember exactly how the quote goes, but, uh, always fear, always fear the patience of an angry
man. Or, and, and fear it double when it's a woman. Fear the, fear the anger of a patient, of a
patient person. That's it. Fear the anger of a patient person. Okay. All right. Loki, what about
you? What is, what is OLR meant for you? I know you're not usually a feelsy person, but try me
here. Um, I get to vent. Or at least I get to talk about video games. Cause like, if I tried to do
that outside of the show, except, you know, when I'm hanging out with, you know, friends that are
also gamers, which is very rare. Um, most people are just like, kinda, it's goes over the head.
Like you even try to explain like the basic stuff to them. Like, Oh yeah, I got PlayStation VR. Yeah.
That's trying this stuff out. Then it's like, I don't care. What's a VR? Is that a car? What's
a VR? Sony made a car, PlayStation car. It's like my, my dad called me yesterday. Cause they're
thinking of getting, um, the other grand child, a VR headset for his phone. And I'm like, well,
what kind of phone does he have? Cause that makes a difference. You can buy a headset. It won't
fucking work if your phone is old as shit. And apparently his phone is, might be old as shit. So
I was like, maybe you find out what phone he has first and then go buy it. So, cause they're, Oh,
$15 VR is just everywhere. It's $15. It's not $50. So OLR is basically giving you a place to talk
about video games when, when the quote unquote real world won't let you do that. Yeah. Especially
the wife, the wife doesn't like hearing about video games. Like I say anything to her and she's
just like kinda, I don't know. The mark of the beast shows up. It's hard enough. Like my God,
like we, like I've been using like the stupid streaming box, the boxy, it's like super old as
shit. And it's for Netflix and it stopped working because it's old as shit and it doesn't, it's not
supported anymore. It's all web based and their shit's all broken. So we have to use the PlayStation
4 now. And that was such a fucking just bitch fest because it's just like, my God, I have to
use the controller. I don't know how to turn the console on. I'm like, push the button, push the
button, just hold it down. It will turn the fuck on. And then like, and then seriously, it's like
she keeps leaving it on and I'm like, turn the console off when you're done with it. Don't just
leave it on because she leaves the controller there to drain all the battery out. So when I want
to go play a game, I can't fucking do that without tethering myself to the console. And so finally
she's like, I learned how to turn the console off today. I'm like, good for you. I mean, like, I've
been only showing you like 80 times how to do that and fine. Thanks for actually doing it now. I
mean, I don't know. So that's how, that's, that's what speaking, like we went out with other, other
parents last night and they're gamers. So like for her, she likes talking to them about other stuff,
but like I was talking to them about games. Funny, actually the guy, you know, this is totally local
bullshit, but like the guy actually played Ingress a bit. Um, not so much, but his home portal also
happens to be Marty's home portal. And he told me some stories about like, Oh yeah, there's this guy
like kept on like, I stopped playing it because there's this guy that kept on like seeing that,
you know, I was, you know, stalking him and like he kept threatening about stuff. I'm like, well,
where were you at? Oh, it's in Folsom. There's this, this trail behind my house. Don't be too
specific, but yeah, it's like, you know, this trail behind my house and I'm like, Oh, was it
this guy? And he's like, yeah, that's who it was. Like, yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, I mean, it's,
it, I don't really get to talk to a lot of people about games outside of the show. So, so orange
lawns radio in a way is a safe space for gamers. Is that, is that what we're going to complain
about on the internet? And that's still the same audience, but you know, it's hard to complain in
140 characters, you know? I, I think my, my answer is, is kind of a combination between you
guys is like, certainly this has allowed me to have a platform for something that I started in
college, but didn't really see through to the end. Cause you know, in college, I had a college radio
show and I was doing that weekly and you know, that's at one point what I was studying to do in
college. I'm sure I mentioned this on the show before, but originally I wanted to be a weather
man, believe it or not. And I, after interning at a local station, I kind of decided it actually
wasn't like broadcast journalism and all that stuff actually wasn't what I wanted to do at all,
because I just didn't really, I don't think I had the competitive personality for it. And you know,
trying to get into radio and that too, it's like the same thing. It's like, it's just,
it's just too competitive. And now, you know, in a way, thank gosh, I didn't really get into that
because radio has kind of been hurting a little bit, at least the traditional model because of
satellite, because of internet, because of, you know, the fact that people get their music in
other places at this point. So in a way, I'm kind of thankful that I have this to have a platform
for that, which I was interested in, but I wasn't interested in the industry. So this has kind of
allowed me to have a place to feel that out on my own terms in a way. I mean, obviously this is a
collaborative effort with my co-host, but you know what I mean? Still, I feel like I'm in a driver's
seat, if nothing else, when it comes to this show and the other podcasts that have spun off of,
of doing this show. So I think for me, big time, like this has been a great platform and, you know,
also it's kind of Dark Sakura says, even though you kind of joke like, oh, it's something to do
on Sunday in a weird way, every Sunday, there's not OLR. I'm kind of sitting there going, I should
be doing OLR right now. Like it doesn't matter. Like it's like something in my biological clock.
Like even if I'm in the East coast or, or like a couple of weeks ago, I was in Chicago, sure enough,
eight o'clock comes around Chicago time. I'm looking at it going, I should be doing OLR right
now. But I'm not.
I sit at work going.
I know, but your thing is temporary. And we already have a return date for you, right? December
18th?
Right. Although there is a chance that I may be here next Sunday. Because I am doing a day trade
with somebody at work, but it's for an earlier event with the sisters.
We'll take whatever Jamie we can get.
Well, and I will explain that reference to people later anyway.
Stoppy in chat wants to know, a weatherman, is that how the name Sky was born? No, funny, but no.
That's just a name I had online forever back in DDR Freak. I'll give you the short spiel.
Originally, a name I had picked online was Green Sky, because A, I like the color green. B, it was
one of those things where like, if the sky was green, that would be different but cool. And that's
kind of what I think I am, different but cool. That's like 18 year old me talking, okay, so it
was a little different back then. But that was, you know, so that was kind of the name I picked
for myself. And so that's actually where my like, my gamertag comes from, and where all that comes
from, except the fact that Green Sky with SKY was usually taken on all these websites. So I had to
spell it S-K-I-E. And then at one point, I just dropped the green and it was just Sky. So that's
what it was. But now, it's funny, because now all these years later, I don't like it. I kind of
stuck with it. But I think I mentioned this before, if I could get the Twitter account Rob
Roberts, I'd be on that. I would give up my four letter Twitter name, if I could get that one. But
since I can't, because some spammer has it, no matter how many people reported it to Twitter, I
can't get that to get freed up. I just keeping Sky because it's four letters and it's, it's somewhat
easy to remember, even if people think it's ski all the time, which is, which is fine, whatever.
Going to chat, I want to see what the chatters have to say, because you guys have some really
awesome things to say. And then we'll get into our gaming weeks. I know some people are like,
isn't this a video game show? Yes, we've done 665 episodes of video game talk. We can take a moment
to talk about other things. Let's see. Sturlock in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, in all
seriousness, I'm really glad you guys made it this far. I haven't been listening as much as I used
to, but I'm still a huge fan and always will be.
That's okay. I haven't been listening as much as I used to either.
That's fine. Yeah, we're only, we're only listening about half the time. No, I, and I understand
that's the way it is. You know, people, people make this a thing that they do every week, but then
something else comes up and they fall out of the habit. It's fine. Like, we have guests. They used
to be here like every week in the early weeks of the show that I haven't heard from in years, or
I'll hear from once in a while. Like, I'm thinking people like DDR Angel. I know she's still out
there and I see her on Twitter and stuff. She's been doing a lot of YouTube stuff lately. Like
Anita I see on Facebook once in a while. She used to come here all the time. I miss Janae. She used
to be here a lot in the early episodes. But Janae has littles.
Yeah. Well, she married and I can't remember what his username was, but he used to come to the show
all the time too. She married him. Dark child? Dark cloud? That sounds right. Yeah. They got,
by the way, y'all, they got married like years ago, but you know, that's just, that's just neat
how that kind of all works out. I wonder, I don't think they met because of OLR, but you know,
you got to wonder what kind of people maybe met because of this show. Let's see. William Murderface
says, I've been listening for over 10 years at this point and y'all have always been a point of
funny and insightful normalcy. Did somebody really use the word normalcy to describe this show?
Climate, I guess.
I guess so. I guess that's a very good point that I can return to during tough times. So thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for being here. SSJ100Matt says, the show gave me a great sense
of community early on when I started listening. I have met and made friends with a lot of good
people. It's kind of like coming home to family once a week for dinner, drinks, and laughs.
I love that because that's exactly what I envisioned the show would be all these years
ago is that, you know, after playing DDR, we would all go to the cafe that was right in front
of golf land and talk shit about video games. And so now it's just a, it's a virtual cafe.
Cafe, cafe, cafe. Immortal King says, has been a show that's kept me informed and entertained.
It has broke the news of FNG live, has put out its own website. Oh, is it talking about this
show? We're talking about all games maybe. And introduced me to Bobby Black Wolf, Travis and
Jessica and Pod Culture. Oh, maybe because that's the point of a network is when all these shows
are networked together, you start to meet other, other people, you know, and, and through, through
these types of things. And, you know, obviously not just VOG network where we are now, but certainly
we spent a good chunk of time at the all games network and they were fabulous and are fabulous.
And, uh, Orange Launch Radio was its own network for a brief period of time in the early days. So,
you know, and we tried to be pretty fabulous there too. So anyhow. Whew. All right. Um,
let's see. Dark Tetsuya says, oh, sorry. Rama says, didn't Dark Tetsuya meet his now wife through
OLR? Uh, Dark Tetsuya says she was a friend of Angel's, but yeah. And, uh, we're still working
on it, but yeah, I don't, I don't think they, are they married? If they were married yet, I would,
I actually somehow missed that. So congratulations if that's the case, if not, oops. Anyway,
but I know they, they have a relationship if nothing else. So, um, that's fantastic.
Anyway. Um, golly golly. Uh, okay. Dark Tetsuya says working on it. Okay. That's great. Uh,
Rageinator says, OLR switching from live 365 to all games got me into listening to the live
internet radio and started me on listening to Black Wolf. Um, that's, that's awesome. Uh,
you know, that's the part, that's part of networking is being able to, uh,
inner, inner work with other shows. Uh, let's see. This is a very random question, but I'll
entertain it in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, uh, Barb in chat says, which is appropriate
considering we're in the upside down tonight, uh, says, please give us some behind the scenes tea
from GamerX. Who got the most tail? Um, well, I can tell you that I touched a few butts.
I can tell you that Xtafer was the only one that went to GamerX East. So y'all draw your
own conclusions. Cause I know he went out there for the East coast one, which sadly,
you know, I really wanted to go and I wanted to support it, but it just, it wasn't enough notice
for me. And hopefully we'll get a good six monthly time next time. Um, let's see, uh,
one more here and then we'll get into gamer chat. Uh, Akuma JP says, I listened quite early
originally to survey what gamers want, but now it's become kind of like listening to my friends
talking about their weekends. Well, that's, that's awesome. We're glad you guys have stuck
around as long as you have. Thank you so much. Even recent listeners or longtime listeners
really, really, really appreciate it. So anyhow, let's get into some actual gaming talk, video
games, and how was your gaming week? Dark soccer. I know we just checked in with you a few days ago
during our special episode, which by the way, a lot of positive feedback on the taped episode
midweek. A lot of people were very surprised to get an OLR on Wednesday, even though I thought
we said we were going to do that, but still a lot of people very pleasantly surprised.
We'll have to do it more often. What do you guys say? Three shows a week from here on out.
Just kidding. Just kidding. I don't want to lose my goals. All right. Uh, dark soccer,
how is your gaming week? What video games you've been playing this week? Um, well, I did my
Overwatch, although I haven't played it yet. I just bought it cause I'm tired of being left out.
I was crying in my blanket fort that I've been hiding in since the last Tuesday. Um,
and I ran out of my box of wine, so I had to find something to play. Um, I've been playing well.
Um, and also, um, after you told me about the animal crossing update that I totally didn't
fucking know about, I am charging my DS. I've removed a happy home designer finally from my DS
and I'm not fucking playing Pokemon. Well, that's unfortunate. Yeah. Cause I'll be getting,
yeah, there you go. Thank you. I was like, cause I'll be getting into that in a minute.
That's okay. I've got new animal crossing to do and bless you, Isabel. Bless you, Isabel for
president. Cause the bitch hired somebody to clean all my weeds. That alone. Where can I get
an Isabel in real life? Right? Where can I just get my own village in real life? Like fuck all
y'all. This is Jamie country. Y'all can't come here. It's Jamie country. Remember in the early
days of OLR, we were going to have a Fort and I believe there was, I think it started because
I actually think ironically enough, that was a DDR angel thing because I remember on some of the
road trips we took, cause she lived out in North Bay. You had to drive by this place cause it was
kind of out in the, out in the country somewhere. You had to drive by this place that looked very
scary. And like this guy had it all boarded out and it was like, keep out. We always used to joke
that it was somebody's Fort that had basically seeded from the rest of the union. And I think
that's where the talk of the OLR Fort started. We could though do like what the, what was it
called? The dominion of sea land or something out, out off the coast of somewhere off England.
Where they took just like an old abandoned water structure and made it a country. We should do
that. If the Pope can do it, I can do it. If the Pope can do it, you can do it. All right.
Uh, I'm assuming that's it for her gaming week. So Loki, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I did play a few things. I, I picked up watchdogs too. So I've been playing that a
little bit. Um, can't say if I like it more than watchdogs one because I purchased watchdogs one
when I first got my plays before still haven't played it. So that's fine. And then the watchdogs
too is okay. I like it. Um, the story's interesting. The, you basically like a group of
hackers. It's more of like, I don't know. It, the, some of the, like the parody stuff that
they're doing, like that, the steel, like the first few missions, I had to steal a car. It
was like kind of a Knight Rider kit type cars. So we had to steal that and that was pretty funny.
Um, there's one he had to take down almost like a Scientology type thing. That was kind of cool.
Um, I don't know. I'm enjoying it. I think it's somewhat interesting, I guess. Um,
play more cluster trucks still really hard. Um, I've been playing that a bit more. I downloaded
the demo for, um, track mania again because I want to try out the VR on that, but I still haven't
gotten a chance to do that yet. Um, I did play some more ingress this week a little bit. Um,
and let's see what else. Um, I think that's honestly it. I mean, I, I don't know.
I went back to working on it's time of the car again just because, and ironically enough,
as I mentioned before, you know, sitting on toilet, you know, you come up with ideas about
like how to fix things. And like one of the problems I didn't like about the original game
that I made, like I had this, this whole shooting stuff and just didn't driving and shooting and
aiming. It's just, it was too hard to do all at once and it wasn't very fun. But then I came up
with a control scheme that would work for that and I liked that a lot. So I'm going to kind of
go that route and go back to what I originally wanted to do is kind of like a more of a bigger
scope on that. The problem is, you know, once again being motivated, but I'm kind of getting
started and just kind of writing down some ideas right now and just, you know, fleshing out what
I want to do as far as engine wise goes and everything and rebuilding basically the whole
thing. So hopefully something because of that. So speaking of building and all that, I saw a game
that made me think of you, that would be a game that's totally up your alley. And actually I think
Dark Sakura to some extent would really get a kick out of this too. I haven't played this game yet,
but I just noticed it was on Twitch's like top games. I was on the Twitch like top games thing
and I saw this game and I was like, what the hell is this? It's a game called Planet Coaster.
Yeah. Have you heard of this? Yes I have. I've heard of it but haven't played it. Yeah. It just
seemed like when I looked at it, I was like, this shit's too complicated. Like the menus,
there's like a million things to do, but this looked like something that would be like right
up your alley, Loki. Yeah. I mean, it's like a theme park type game. Way better than, you know,
Roller Coaster Tycoon World or whatever than the last one is now. But yeah, it looks really cool.
I was watching some stuff from Ollie43 today. They were showing off some different maps that
people have made and stuff and it looks really cool. It's just, I don't know if I'd want to pick
it up right away. I mean, cause you know, I'm trying to stay away from games that are big time
sinks. Like I've been really wanting to pick up Skyrim, but I know how much of a time sink that's
going to be. And I really am trying to focus on actually working on stuff and even Watch Dogs.
I'm like, as a person, I'm like, damn it. Like, why did I pick this up? Cause now I'm not going
to be able to work on my like game stuff as often. I'm like, I got to play this since I did pick it
up. I am enjoying it a bit. I don't know. It's just, that's why I'm trying to stay away from
stuff. And then the final fantasy, you know, 15, I mean, I'm trying, I know there's going to be
somewhat of a drought after this. So, you know, I'm hoping that after these games come out, then
there'll be a while before I purchase anything else. Jamie, did you have something you were
trying to add there on Planet Coaster? No, it just was making me think about how people take
those games and like do like the death coaster. Well, my favorite. Yeah. Go on YouTube. And
there's some YouTubes where they'll yeah, they'll do the roller coaster tycoon where like the thing
goes off the tracks and then it goes in slow motion and plays Adele. And I haven't laughed
as hard in a very long time as like when I saw one of those videos. No, I mean like the actual
suicide coaster that was invented as a form of, um, what's the word I'm thinking of? Assisted
suicide. Euthanasia. Euthanasia. Thank you. It was meant to be a fun way for someone to die.
Because I'm not, I just like the way it's phrased. It's for real. It's for real because
when you hit like the first loop, you hit it at such a velocity that it makes you pass out.
And then like the next loop breaks your neck or something. Yes, but does it play Adele?
It can. If we can have Red Hot Chili Peppers on California Screamin', we can have Adele on
the death coaster. Okay. Fair enough. I'm going to find this now. You have to see this thing.
I don't want to see it. Not if somebody's writing it. That's creepy. They haven't built it. It's
all theoretical. Oh, okay. But it's supposed to be. But they built it in Planet Coaster.
People have built it in those games. Okay. I think that sounds like a whole bunch of fan wank.
Honestly, like anyone's going to build a death coaster like that. I mean,
you never know. You never know. I mean, that's what like Big Mountain Thunder was for.
Stoppy and Chad says assisted suicide coaster. I think that would be just strapping yourself to a
chair and throwing yourself off a building. It has a wiki. It's the euthanasia coaster.
Oh my God. This is too much. All right. Look, I want to talk about my week. Look,
you guys are getting way too sadistic. So I'm going to change the topic.
Let's just put America on the euthanasia coaster.
I'm changing the topic to Pokemon. Yay. Yay. Pokemon. Cute. Happy. Fuzzy wuzzy.
I have been playing the shit out of Pokemon Moon. Probably not as much as some people. In fact,
I know not as much as some people, Shane. But I'm a good like six hours in on Pokemon Moon.
I just got to the second island. I've cleared the first trial and then the first because they don't
have badges anymore. But I think it's measured. I think the equivalent is Z crystals because after
the trial and the Kahuna battle fights you do, you get like Z crystals. So I have two Z crystals
and I just went to the second island and that's where I'm at right now. And that took me a good
like six, six and a half hours of gameplay to get to. I'm also very slow. And I also spent a lot of
time because I was like, okay, this dude told me I could catch a fucking rock rough at this
particular location. Why isn't a rock rough fucking coming up? And just for some reason,
it took me that long. And A, I didn't know if it was in the cave or it was out back behind the
cave. And spoiler alert, it's out back behind the cave. So don't spend your time in the cave
looking for rock rough. But anyway, so yeah, I spent time on things like that. But I've been
having a good time with Pokemon Moon. I gotta say this. It's definitely one of the, it's had one of
the strongest impressions of most Pokemon games because I really feel like they've made so many
quality of life improvements. Like for example, the fact that the moves will tell you what they
do on the bottom screen when you hit the L and the A button, that's huge because I don't have to
remember anymore. What the fuck did this thing do? Or I have to look it up online. It turns out
it's the exact same thing as another move somewhere else. It's just a different type.
Like that is huge. The fact that you will get told what moves are effective and super effective and
not effective against a monster, as long as you've fought that Pokemon at least once,
then the second time and beyond, it'll tell you like it'll have the built-in strength and
weakness chart, which I know some of you might think is cheating, but at the same time, how many
people either A, had that chart committed to memory, or B, would bring it up when they needed
it, like me. So I think it's just a convenience that's built into the game finally. I love that
they replaced the bikes with rideable Pokemon because the bike thing, especially when there's
multiple bikes, just it was a pain in the ass. You had to go back to trade your bike, blah, blah, blah.
I like the ride rideable Pokemon thing instead. So the only thing I don't like so far, here's the
thing I don't like. I do not like how the little shits can call for help. That is a really annoying
mechanic because it feels like there's nothing you can do to prevent it. Granted, maybe I'm not far
enough in the game yet. Maybe there's a move where one of your Pokemon can like sprinkle the
battlefield in fog or something so that that Pokemon cannot call for help. But it seems a
little unfair because when the Pokemon calls for help, it does not take up that Pokemon's move for
the turn. It's something that they can do at the very, very, very end of the turn. And then so it
another Pokemon might show up. So suddenly you're in a two on one battle. Now, granted, I know the
Pokemon X and Y had those five on one battles, but at least you kind of knew that from the start.
And generally the levels were like way lower and that whole sort of thing. So I'm, I got to say,
I'm not a big fan of the call for help thing right now, because it just seems a little bit like
the deck is stacked against you in those situations. I just don't like being able to be
better prepared for that. And I wish, or I should just say, I feel like this kind of encourages the
use of items more than in prior Pokemon games, which maybe isn't such a bad thing. Like maybe
that's the way the game kind of forces you to up it up, up it up a little bit. But I don't know,
I just, I just not a big fan of that because again, I just feel like it's so hit and miss
when the Pokemon is going to do it, if it's successful and then there's nothing you really
do to stop it. So that's when you need to start packing some heat, like a gun. Exactly. It's like,
fuck you other Pokemon. Yeah. I wish your trainer is in the battle with you now. I wish you could
carry a gun, but you can't or a big stick. Yeah, I know he can't do any of that, but you can use a
Z move. These really ridiculously over the top animation that are super moves. There's really,
it's it's to replace the mega stones and it's right. I'm just going to use the Z stick and
bash that fucking Pokemon in the head. Uh, uh, let's see, uh, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com
William murder face says no more HM slaves. Yay. Yes, that is true. They got rid of all that crap.
Thank God. That was so stupid. How you'd have to have like a zigzag zoom or something that is only
there to know cut and surf and like all the things you need to move around. Now, thanks to the
rideable Pokemon. It's all built into that system, depending on what Pokemon you're writing is what,
uh, like former HM you will have. They still have the TMs where you can teach a move like fault
swipe, you know, which is kind of an essential thing for catching Pokemon. Although hot tip,
if you don't forget, if you just got Pokemon moon, save your gay or son, of course, save your game,
quit out to the title screen, check the internet right now, because there's a Munchlax.
It's the preform of Snorlax. Uh, there's a Munchlax available, uh, right now on the internet that will
get added to your inventory. And the Munchlax has a move that will reduce the hit points to one
without killing it that you can actually get before you even get fault swipe. So just a little pro tip
if you didn't realize that giveaway was going on. So, so yes, I've been spending time with Pokemon
moon. And, uh, I think it's great. I'm sure there's a lot of people that are like, well,
Rob, I've missed, you know, five generations worth of Pokemon games. Am I going to get into
some Pokemon sun and moon? And obviously I would say, yes, you don't have to play the
other adventures. They don't have any real continuity between them. I would say the only
generation that this game has any sort of ties to well, I take that back. I take that back because
a there are Pokemon from all the generations that show up and B there are some references
like Shane was telling me that one of the gym leaders from generation five shows up in this
game. So there are some, but like, they're not things that are going to like change the game.
It's more like fan service-y things, but yes, red and blue, the original Pokemon games,
which are kind of all the rage again because of Pokemon go in a way or were over the summer. Um,
I think are the ones that tie in the most to this game because you've all heard about the Alolan
forms. So it's like you have these generation one Pokemon sort of re-imagined that show up
everywhere. So that's kind of cool. And then yeah, the characters red and blue show up and, uh, yeah.
So there's just, there's some cool little references, but again, like even if you've never
played a Pokemon game in your life, I don't think that you're going to miss anything or, or something
like that by, um, by just jumping right into this. Again, the games don't have that much continuity.
So, so yeah, that's, that's that I've been playing a lot of that. I was playing Overwatch
quite a bit because of the free weekend that was going on on PlayStation four. In fact,
I ended up just buying the damn game on PlayStation four because it's 35 bucks. A lot of
places right now. I think it's online is 35 bucks. Amazon is 35 bucks. Uh, the black Friday sales are
coming up. It's going to be 35 bucks in a lot of those places. So, um, yeah, I just, I bought a
copy of Overwatch on PlayStation four so I can play with my friends there. So yes, now I have
that game in two different places, but whatever. Um, I guess if I bought Mass Effect three on
multiple consoles, I can buy that too, which reminds me one other game I played this week.
I played Mass Effect three on Xbox one, thanks to the backwards compatibility. Just remember,
you have to download the entire game once you put the disc in, and then you're going to have to go
back and download all the DLC, including the online pass, if you want to play multiplayer.
So just be ready for all those downloads. That's why it took me about a week to finally play Mass
Effect three on Xbox one, but I did it and it looks great. And I'm so, so, so ready for
Andromeda and especially the multiplayer. Woo. All right. That's it for my game a week. That's
all I'm going to mention. So let's move on. Uh, special announcements. I don't really have a lot
tonight. We'll be back next Sunday. Uh, we probably, we're, we're going to have something
going on during the holidays. That's the only thing coming up because, uh, Christmas and new
year, both fall on Sundays this year. And then January 8th, I happen to be at magfest, which I'll
see you guys there. If you're going to magfest 2017, I finally bought my flight just this past
week. So, uh, definitely, definitely going to magfest. Very excited to check that out.
Uh, so see you guys there. Um, so there's that, uh, otherwise, um, yeah, we'll be here
next week, week after that dark soccer will be back with us full time sooner rather than later,
which is great. Uh, and of course, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R and Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange launch radio, all the great places to follow us on social media.
Let's discuss some news with our chatters. What's going on on this 666 week of our show Loki?
Well, of course it's gotta be more switch rumors. And so this kind of like obvious duh
is saying basically that the Nintendo switch is going to be supposed to be getting a,
a special version of, uh, Pokemon sun and moon called Pokemon stars. I think of like
kind of one of the combined games that they do. Um, and that's supposed to be in development and
I guess we'll launch in 2017. The other rumor I saw, which I was trying to find links to earlier,
but couldn't find it was, uh, that Zelda's delayed to later in 2017. Oh, wouldn't that be
in that? And here's the other thing that they're going to be launching with two Mario games.
One is going to be a traditional Mario game. One is supposed to be a crossover with
rabbits from Ubisoft. So like Mario RPG with rabbits, which is wait, Mario RPG, Mario RPG.
Oh, samples if that's the case. Well, but Mario RPG would not, I mean the original Mario RPG was
a square game, so there's going to be a lot that changes if suddenly Ubisoft's developing it.
Right. And I thought the rabbit was just kind of done. Like, I don't know. I'm just kind of
tired of them. I'd rather it be another square Enix, Mario RPG. I'd be all over that. But
that's still an interesting partnership if that pans out to be, those are the other two,
but yeah, it's something, I mean, this makes perfect sense. I mean, if you're trying to sell
a console and you're going to launch Pokemon on it, yeah, why not? Well, it's in line with
other rumors. We've heard previously about the fact that there is a Pokemon game on the switch.
And I, although Pokemon stars sounds a little fan-ish, you know, like if...
It'd probably be like Pokemon Dawn or something like weird like that, you know.
I almost thought you said Pokemon DONG is what I thought you said right there.
Pokemon DONG, have to touch them all.
By the way, there is a mode in the new Pokemon games where you pet your Pokemon and you cure
them of your status afflictions. So when you guys say Pokedong, my mind goes there
because I'm sick. I'm a sick person. But anyway, I think that's actually in the
name of the legendary Pokemon that's hidden on the hidden island is DONG and anus.
Anyway, I would love to have a Pokemon game that's playable on the television.
And I'm not talking about the whole like Game Boy Advance on the GameCube and all that stuff.
I'm talking about like the, you know, one thing that really struck me about Pokemon
Moon in the opening was that it's kind of a cinematic style opening.
Well, that is the kind of, I mean, the 3DS one looks pretty nice. You know,
Sun and Moon looks really nice. But like, can you imagine like when it's actually just
strictly the Switch? I mean, they may still do 3DS because the numbers will be out there.
But like, you know, you're going to have a specific Switch version that will be even much
nicer because it's been a long time since they had a console Pokemon game. I mean, God, have they?
I don't think they've ever, not a mainline Pokemon game. There's been plenty of like
Pokemon Stadium and, you know, there's been other like spinoff Pokemon games, Pokemon Snap,
right? But there has not been a true mainline Pokemon game created for a television console.
The only way to do it is with Super Game Boy or one of those types of things. That's really the
only way to do it. Which by that time, you know, the technology is so aged and the handheld by the
time the Super Game Boy is out, like you feel like you're just playing a handheld game on your TV.
You know what I mean? And the graphics were a real step back from where they are now. But I think,
you know, something like Pokemon Sun and Moon is going to look really good on a television.
So that, I think, I think that'd be really cool. I hope, I hope it is true.
Yeah. It would be another way to push that Pokemon bank as well, because you know,
that's the only way you're going to be able to get your Pokemon from the
3DS games is through that Pokemon bank. I don't know. I'm interested to see what
they say in January, I guess. Same, same. Let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
DarkTetsuya says, I was hoping it was called Pokemon Eclipse, you know, Sun and Moon.
And JD in chat says, Sun, Moon, star fits with tarot cards. Oh, I didn't. Okay. So maybe.
So when are we going to have the high priestess and the magician?
Maybe, maybe they're gym leaders or excuse me, trial, trial captains.
Since we, we mixed up the formula a little bit and anything is possible though in Pokemon stars,
that's for sure. All right. Loki, would you check out Pokemon stars on the switch?
No, I'm not a Pokemon fan. You wouldn't, you wouldn't give this one a try?
I'm just not that interested, not enough to buy the game. I'd check a demo maybe, but I'm just,
I never got into Pokemon. And unfortunately, I mean, the most I've gotten in the Pokemon
was with Pokemon Go and I'm really not into that anymore. Even with the daily bonuses,
it's just, it's so, there's no game there and it's really boring now. It's, I just,
there's no point to it. Yeah, Niantic hasn't amped that game up as fast as I was really hoping. And
I'm not just talking about like second generations, but like the, the stuff that people really want,
like trading and battling, like that stuff really needs to happen by the end of the year.
There's just like the gym thing is stupid. There's no point to it. And that's, that's kind of the
main aside from like collecting Pokemon. But even then once you have them all, it's kind of nothing
left to do. Yeah. Well, anyhow, of course, now that the news, the Nintendo switch is out there
and it's everywhere, this leads to people trying to take advantage of the hype machine for something
like this for their own personal gain. There's some stuff that's been spreading around the
internet, places like Facebook, cause you know, I've never heard of fake things spreading on
Facebook before. But anyway, apparently there is a fake Nintendo switch beta registration program,
and you put in your email and you get your invitation code. But of course, if it sounds
too good to be true, it probably is. In fact, some investigative sorts went and put in like
a fake email in there and got an email that said, prepare for revolution. Congratulations. That's
not a typo. You are eligible to join the Nintendo switch beta program. You are chosen, which means
you can get into the Nintendo switch beta. You will receive the Nintendo switch beta hardware,
which includes one system, one docking station, two switch controller, left and right, HDMI cable,
one power adapter, as well as instruction booklet. Below you will find a code to redeem. Please note
this code is specific for your account. So don't share this with anyone. And then of course the
code is just a bunch of garbage. And that's as far as people have taken it. We don't know how
far the scam goes, but you've basically given your email to somebody that knows you will fall for
easy things. So just a reminder, and I know most of you guys know this, but just remember
if something is too good to be true, it probably is. If there were to be some weird Nintendo switch
beta program, and let me tell you, there won't be. When has Nintendo ever baited hardware like that?
When have they needed to? They don't need to. You know how Nintendo betas this stuff?
By only releasing five of them per store when it comes out. That's the beta test. The beta test is
will you be lucky enough to pre-order this so you can get one day one. There will not be a beta test
so don't fall for it. Please like at least understand now that Nintendo has been releasing
consoles that have been short have shortages since 2007. By now they would have fucking understood
you know supply and demand for their stupid consoles. They're doing it on purpose now to
drive up demand. It is on purpose. It's not oh we didn't under, we didn't anticipate it.
Bullshit. It is fucking to drive up demand. You can't be that ignorant for that long.
So heads up, the smarter scammer, just an FYI, first off you're a scammer that's listening to
this show. Go fuck yourself and turn it off. The show isn't for you. We do this show for free.
I don't do this show for free for people to be assholes. But if a scammer out there wanted to
be smarter about it they would do a program for a early pre-order or be the first to pre-order
because everybody knows that's the shit that you really need to get in on because of what you just
said. And that's where the massive rush is going to be is who can get their pre-orders in fast
enough for one of these Nintendo switches. Because it's going to be you versus the um
people that resell them for a higher value. Scalpers. It's going to be you versus the scalpers.
Well you know how they could avoid that is releasing an adequate supply of the fucking
system. I know it's such it's such a wild concept but yes that's what you fucking need to do.
If please now if there happens to be gaming journalists that listen to this show I know
there's a couple of you out there if any of you happen to be going to the Nintendo event that
they're going to have in January you need to ask Nintendo what are they going to be doing to ensure
that there's enough stock on launch day. Because I want that question asked sooner rather than later.
I want Nintendo on the hot spot for that because I want to see what their answer is. Are they going
to give a legit answer or are they going to say something like oh well you know we're really
trying to work with our suppliers to ensure that there's enough to meet the demand but you know
if there's some fucking cold water answer they're not going to do it because it's for them all the
like news of people lining up for that console stuff makes it seem like it's you know the got
to have thing if you see it sitting on store shelves and people are like well maybe they don't
want it you know it's stupid but like you know even with the little NES mini I mean there's
hardly any hardware in there and they still couldn't fucking pull that out. Now here's here's
the the most important thing and I want us I want us all to make a pact all right listeners you guys
us here in studio I want everybody to put their hand in the center because they're going to make
a pact and now Jamie is going to slice uh put a slice with her knife and everybody's finger so
this is a blood patch okay this is a blood pact do not under any circumstances buy a switch from
a scalper we all agreed on that do not fucking support scalpers if you don't get the system day
one then you didn't get the system day one and you'll just have to wait until Nintendo decides
to fix the artificial shortages do not support scalpers under any circumstances
or Jamie will not give your back your blood is this understood well I wasn't gonna give it back
anyway uh vid power chat says blood pact how fitting for episode 666 orange right says suicide
coasters blood packs yep it's 666 all right I'm glad we didn't disappoint tonight but don't you
disappoint me by supporting a scalper understand don't you disappoint rob or next time Jamie's
taken off the whole finger and then you're not going to be able to use that switch understand
I'll take off your your little finger yakuza style all right I'll wear them on a chain not really
I'll just probably like feed them to a shark or something because feeding fingers to sharks is
cool uh jd and chat says I didn't realize we were playing trivia murder party oh just you wait
the party's just getting started um let's see uh Maya asks has switch been confirmed to be region
free yet uh nothing has been yes very little that's been confirmed at all pretty much if it
wasn't in that trailer it's not confirmed uh there's rumors and we can bring out our wheel
of plausibility uh however we don't know until January at this point the only rumors I care about
is the album did you happen to see the youtube streamer or twitch streamer I think that was
trolling everybody with oh look I've got a switch prototype and it was 3d printed sure buddy sure
well he three printed one it looked pretty cool oh I saw this stuff on twitter and stuff and
everybody that was calling him out on his bullshit and you know hey guess what that guy probably got
how many more subs through that whole fucking fakity stuff but um so so he did yeah he has a
how-to video on how he did and everything he you know messed up on the font but you know he was
trying to get it out of that in a certain amount of time so and how many people fell for that if
you're subbed to that guy you should go unsubscribe because you're just supporting that stuff just
saying anyway uh let's see uh stop he and chat says the lettering on the buttons look like it
was taken off a cereal box uh and ssj100 matt says don't support scalpers or you will never
get to hear halo be the classic game of the week well you'll never get to hear that anyway
because it's not happening all right what is happening another news story dar sagra
something that makes me kind of a little angry but happy at the same time even after i bought
a ps uh a playstation tv just for this um they are doing another danganronpa port um danganronpa
another episode ultra despair girls will be ported to playstation 4 um i had also heard
and i was trying to find information on it but i had heard another um note that it was also going
to have a steam release as well even after i've already bought the vita tv to play it but it's
really good because i mean it's actually a really really fun game i um i found that they actually
uploaded the entire japanese track um as a add-on or as dlc for free so if you want to play it with
the japanese track you can do that um and uh there's also going to be uh a 55 limited edition
for ultra despair girls and it's uh supposed to be pretty neat um hold on i'm pulling that up yeah
this is um it comes with a a tie and a placard it has a heart eye patch that looks like um
kudokumas um they have an art book all kinds of neat stuff um there's also uh now they said
something about this earlier the same uh nis uh uh america is also doing um a special edition for
uh danganronpa v3 so there you go and i know you're the big dog danganronpa fan in the room
so you're upset that it's not gonna just be vita now just a little irritated that i already i
bought a pstv just for that so oh but at least you have other stuff i guess yeah yeah there's
always um the the not tempest 2000 there you go and shouldn't a collector have everything anyway
dark sakura i'm not so much a collector anymore you know yeah all right fair enough all right
loki what do you have for us so we got some more information on super mario run uh now it's gonna
be coming out on december 15th and it will cost 999 if you plan to unlock the full game
and of course you know 999 is 666 upside down it is 666 upside down yep this is true and uh yeah
so it'll be running on um you know ios so you can pick it up on your iphone ipad ipod touch
you're not gonna be able to get it on android until later because apple and yeah no word on
exactly how many levels it'll have or anything like that but hey you get to pay ten dollars does
it matter promise for most of you i mean let's let's be fucking real does it matter do all those
details matter how many of you are gonna run up and hit the bar and hit the purchase button just
because it's mario on your phone like me i'm doing it i'm not too too too ashamed to admit
it of course i'm gonna do it uh dark sakura do you need more details or are you buying this game
just on principle i think i've already put it on my uh wish list for notifications see i'm getting
it so that's that's one foot in the pool loki no all right i'm not paying ten dollars for not not
too surprised ten dollars for a runner game i'm sorry all right wow i'm actually surprised over
in chat live.com uh yyr says not me stop he says not me uh ray says not me my phone can't play
games uh we might be able to play snake uh or uh what are the other old school phone games solitaire
i don't know i'm just giving you crap uh yyr says i want to try it first and know how many levels
it has well good thing there's that whole you know what it'll be like what the first level
free and then buy the rest that'll be share where i'm not a huge fan of the new super mario brothers
art style that's like my least favorite out of all the like stuff that they have in mario maker
i like the older stuff yeah i kind of like stupid and cartoony i'm sorry i like doing the old stuff
too especially a mario maker but i i certainly don't dislike the new uh supervisor it could be
so much better like look at like wario wears um shake it or whatever or wario uh land shake it
or something like that where it's all hand-drawn cell stuff like that would be fucking fantastic
let's get a hand drawn you know so kind of the look a lot of the paper mario goes for
sort of i mean a little less like papery but like i don't know even super paper mario is pretty
awesome but i just don't like that new super mario brothers art style all right fair enough everybody
has an opinion all right well uh moving on to a different large company and something that's
been developing with them this week uh ea you know ea obviously a big maker of video games lots
of big stuff out there and uh right now they're really trying to um make some rules when it comes
to streaming games and youtube channels uh they want their partner streamers and youtubers to
disclose that they're paid for sponsorships it's a new program that's called supported by ea and
they are requiring that folks use logos that very clearly say supported by ea to make things clear
when something is uh being supported by ea um so uh yeah anytime i guess they get like what travel
just like they get traveled to an event or something that's fantastic yeah no i i think it
is good i'm not like trying to shade or anything like that i do think it's uh it's really good i
think a lot of this like first came out of germany or something like that well also i mean it's it's
just um building on top of what existing laws they have in place already i mean you have to
disclose that by law but normally it's within like the comments and stuff and i think you're supposed
to disclose it also maybe in your video but they have very specific rules and this is you know nice
to see support behind that yeah and uh wb games got in trouble for this a while ago if i'm not
mistaken because the whole uh shadow of mordor thing that they had actually paid influencers
money to do positive videos about the game and apparently the federal trade commission got in
and said uh there's not proper disclosure here so this is probably a step for ea to prevent that
same thing happening by basically saying hey if we gave you any perks you need to make that clear
so that the warner brothers thing doesn't end up happening to us as well so uh yeah i i i agree
that that's a good thing and that whole kind of type of transparency thing uh i think it's good
to know i think it would be interesting too um the people that don't have that sponsorship and
that sort of thing like you know what what do they say and what do they end up doing so well in the
case of wb um the ones that didn't basically agree to those terms they got blacklisted from getting
a copy of the game unless they were going to do one of those positive uh wow you know a positive
spin things they get or they'd get a code later or something like that yeah that's that is shady
and that shit needs to stop like even like bethesda bethesda is guilty of this too where
now they're doing it um where they're not providing review copies until after the product
comes out right right so i mean even though bethesda i'm kind of on the fence with that
though there's a part of me that's kind of like in a way especially in the environment we live
in now where everybody's a critic because of twitter and facebook and stuff like that
like in a way i kind of i kind of get it like but at the same time i also understand it can
be a little shady because they encourage all these people to pre-order and especially with
a lot of bethesda games they can be very buggy when they come out and so by not having the copies
out there in advance you don't know what the bugs are or if the game you know is even playable or
some audio issues if you're on like xbox one but i think people kind of have to challenge themselves
do they need to have the game day one if there's honest concern about these sorts of risks
hmm it's tricky subject i don't know what do you think about the whole fact that bethesda doesn't
doesn't give out the codes anymore are you kind of for that or eh well a lot of offensive games
i kind of already made a decision if i'm going to purchase it or not beforehand and you know
them i kind of have an idea of what the quality would be like if it was ubisoft doing that
thing yeah i'd be very concerned by that because they're all over the place so i mean that's
i guess bethesda should be held to the same level of you know scrutiny i don't know with
skyrim it remastered it wasn't such a big deal because it's basically the the game's already
been out there for a while i mean you know i know their games are buggy in an entertaining way of
course but like if there's something really bad about it like the whole audio issue where they
like you know compressed to hell on you know two of the three platforms that's kind of a bad thing
i guess well but then you have something like doom which a lot of people would assumed would be bad
because yeah a lot of those remakes aren't so hot the beta and i don't think they really did codes
in advance either for that well it turns out doom's probably one of the better games that's
been released this year well that's an excuse so that's it i know i think that just empowered
bethesda to do this is what that whole thing has taught them oh well there's a lot of companies
that get empowered by things that they think are great ideas ea and their stupid online pass or
all this like crappy dlc like especially in overwatch is equally the blame for this you know
this trend now where these pay to you know these games that have microtransactions in them you know
this loot crate bullshit that is just some terrible game practice right there that it's
like okay i paid sixty dollars or thirty forty whatever paid an amount of money for this and
for what this random lucha oh it's optional but you're it's it's presented to you all the time
it pressures you into a started that to be fair with mass effect of all things is really the
first place i remember seeing that i'm sure it was in another game it's probably been a
valve let's blame valve counter strike go um there's you know even payday two i know has
something like that but with as much as i love mass effect and i have it on all those consoles
and everything never once did i buy a box never once it's just i don't know it's even like hall
of duty now is doing it's like come on well activision and blizzard i mean i guess same
company now or same ish companies so i'm not surprised i don't know uh rage nator in chat
says i very rarely get games on day one anymore hell i can count on one hand how many steam games
i've pre-ordered i only pre-ordered due to bonuses free dlc ost's are an extra game well
that's those bonuses are how they get you sometimes i'll tell you all right anyhow uh let's
move on and uh dark soccer what do you have for us before we get to the classic game of the week
well i'm sure everybody knows by now that um we've had a big delay with the new persona game
boo hoo there's a lot of salty people about that yes boo hoo well are you saying that a triple a
game got delayed in 2016 or now 2017 and no one is surprised get out get out out look i i realize
persona has their fans big time and they're they're salty about this but welcome welcome
to modern gaming i mean is there a triple-a game that hasn't been delayed lately because
i'm not ones that didn't look like shared i have like shitty problems i'm struggling to think of
one in the moment anyway sorry well well here's something to make everybody happy the greatest
monster series of all time digimon is coming out with digimon world next order and it's going to
be released on time so far um basically you there's a big digimon that's released out in
the world and you have to go take care of it you're the only one it's up to us and uh
yeah i mean it's just more digimon world i mean you remember the original digimon world that came
out on playstation one um when they release uh next order it's going to have a soundtrack for it
um for a pre-order and you actually get a soundtrack for the original digimon world for
your pre-order and you get an item that lets you evolve your uh partner digimon into a megamon
who is like badass so it will be out in europe on january 27th and in north america on january 31st
all right uh loki what do you have for us all right so this is kind of cool um
now not only a game that i'm interested in but nba 2k17 they're doing something interesting with
some connectivity with fitbit so there's a part of the nba 2k series where you have this my player
is basically your own you know basketball player that you're kind of taking through these leagues
and everything and creating you know your own custom player basically um what they're doing
fitbit though is if you register your fitbit in the game you can actually sync the data um from
it and if you've reached 10 000 steps within the last day you get a plus five to all your attributes
for the next five games so it's kind of a bonus for doing exercise which i think is pretty cool
that's neat yeah so that's something that they're going to be starting on november 25th yeah there's
um you know i kind of like games that will kind of incentivize the whole fitness sort of thing i mean
even the nintendo 3ds kind of has this built in i think it's kind of not super used as well as it
could be but it gives you the coins you get for walking around i mean you have to have the big
bulky 3ds in your pocket but you still get the coins for walking around and doing stuff and then
you can use those coins in a lot of the like internal games and some of the uh external games
use those as well like i want to say the final fantasy explorers was last game i remember that
actually used those coins for stuff so um yeah i like that i like the whole like incentivizing
fitness sort of thing and it's optional right you don't have to do it you want to be lazy you can
but it's just something to add a little extra which is nice speaking of adding
something a little extra there is a brand new video game out there that contains fully rendered
penises and vaginas that's right not only do we have violence on episode 666 but we have nudity
so grand theft auto 5 nope it's well something that some may say was inspired by the grand
theft auto series it is watch dogs 2 that's right watch dogs 2 contains penises and vaginas now not
that they i don't believe they're like typically on display but they're just they're things that
are rendered there um some there's actually some like naturalists in the game that are fully
oh of course because it's san francisco of course so of course there's naturalists out there even
though i think at some point the city did finally ban it but like not in certain places or certain
times type of thing like there's a bunch of rules around it so anyway but anyway my point is if you
want to see a really low res low quality not that great penis or vagina you can see it inside uh
watch dogs 2 uh now apparently actually it went so far as to somebody actually uh like a character
i guess you could kind of just see the certain way but you could see you could see her vagine on full
display in the game and uh somebody actually used the share feature to share this to their page
because that's what you do on playstation 4 right you share your accomplishments so somebody was
like hey i found this and posted it to their uh ps4 share wall and they got a temp ban by sony
for posting nudity using the share feature i'm sorry that's in the game yes which left a lot
of people scratching their head but sony this is a game that you approved and is on your platform
and this person did not do any lead hacks or anything it just happened that the you know
it just showed oh hello there so i thought i'd share it with my friends um now after all the
you know twitter and the the noise that went in behind this because a lot of people you know i
can't imagine why a story like this got reported on everywhere but it did and so the guy got the
ban reversed obviously and ubisoft has come out since and said uh yeah we're gonna be patching
that out like oh well they're gonna be patching that one one specific npc to have clothing but
not all of them oh interesting so that one specific npc they said was the issue huh all
right apparently uh let's see uh in chat over at live dot vog network dot com tiger claw says
that's not the only game with penises there's a game on steam called genital jousting i have
yes i haven't seen that game but i heard it got banned from twitch this week because twitch
doesn't like i can imagine twitch does not like the vagine or the oh yeah that's or any of that
so basically general jousting i'm not really sure the whole gameplay part because i did watch
i've seen trailers for it and i watched uh jim sterling play it and he wasn't really sure of
what the actual what you're supposed to do in the game this is basically you've got these dicks
and these dicks have an asshole in between their testicles and so it's all about sticking your dick
into another asshole and yeah and so it's that and you can dress up your dicks and then like
after each round or whatever like it comes and like it's just it's ridiculous like you seriously
should watch the trailer if you haven't watched it yet just to get an idea this is gonna be great
for a podcast jamie are you doing this with me you know watch over here don't blink the consent
oops i like how you can apparently dress up
no um i'm not looking at it anymore this is the stupidest thing i've ever seen in my entire
fucking life and i've seen a lot of his own existence
i've seen a lot in my life
that's not okay
what the fuck is this called genital jousting this is why we can't have nice things
this is why gamers have a reputation i'm not looking anymore i can't it's too bad that that
hasn't hit the mainstream news outlets you know yet they can't show it on tv so that's not on
console and then they definitely can't show that on tv so pc pc is no man's land so yeah maya and
chat over at live.vongnetwork.com says these noises are vivid yeah you guys didn't even have
to see and be thankful in a way it was full of splorch noise i mean like yes the noises tell you
all you need to know it was it was disgusting i should show that to my mother i don't understand
where the dash hounds have anything to do with it they're wiener dogs but like do you shove the
wiener dog into someone's eyes no no no not okay not okay shut it red card penalty
bite the dicks i mean what i don't understand where they play there
and then they won fuck the planet so that was interesting anyway i don't know how that started
with watchdogs 2 and ended up with that because they're dicks anyway oh by the way uh apparently
uh part of multiplayer in watchdogs 2 also got stripped out the seamless multiplayer currently
inaccessible it was supposed to be fixed by launch but it wasn't so they're working on it
please look forward to it coming soon the features that we advertised
and i know that we haven't talked about how about that assassin's creed remaster oh my god all i see
were those pictures on twitter and i was like what did they remaster did they get did they get that
woman who retouched the photo of jesus to do the remaster like what in the world that guy looked
like alissa edwards it's like that's not that that's not like someone draw that name as paint
i mean i i don't know i don't even know like if you're gonna remaster the game you're supposed
to and this this goes for the silent hill remasters that happen a while the what the two
and three uh or is it three and four it was two and three right where they did the whole new voice
cap it wasn't that good no one that could anyway let's take a trip down memory lane shall we
let's go back to a time when there was no patches if your game sucked when it launched then it
sucked forever it's the classic game of the week and dark soccer is back doesn't need radio magic
or anything she's here dark soccer with this being episode 666 i know you picked a good one i did so
what is the classic game of the week i on purpose kind of on purpose i picked it on purpose but i
kind of not on purpose saved it but i figured this is a perfect time good play the music rob
i'm working on it well hello i picked silent hill i've done every other good silent hill game
except for silent hill so yes so um if you don't know what silent hill is then
get your head out of somebody else's ass
which was what they were doing in genital jousting
but it is a survival horror game it's not like the i mean it's got jump jumpy scares in it and
things like that but i don't even put it so much as the same category as like resident evil because
this has a lot more of a psychological drama to it i think um but it was developed by team
silent and tokyo um it is the first of course silent hill game it came out in north america
on january 1999 and then um in japan and europe later on in the same year it has a third person
view um real time 3d environment so that's where the fog came from they basically used fog and
darkness to um uh prevent like the draw in that you normally would get in that first generation
of playstation game if you want a good example of draw and just play daytona on the saturn just
saying anyway um and uh the main character is not anyone with any kind of special training or
anything he's just a guy a guy named harry he's missing his adopted uh daughter and uh he's
looking for her in silent hill where he finds out there's cult shit and so um you get uh five
different possible endings based on how you play the game and what you do and special things that
happen um it was really one of the best games of its genre um it was just really high credits when
it came out um there have been uh many adaptations of it as well we've even had um a visual novel that
came out in 2001 in 2006 we had the movie silent hill which it was faithful enough i mean
changing the protagonist and everything but um it had the feel of the games very well i should say
and then of course a reimagining of it called silent hill shattered memories that we don't talk
about um and then of course uh the second game silent hill 2 came out in 2001 so um it has a lot
of you know puzzles in it um you've got you know to survive the things that are trying to stab you
in the legs you know the little evil children and um you get different melee weapons and firearms
and uh you know you've got a health bar you can refill your health um you also have a little
portable radio that it will start playing a lot of static and let you know when enemies are nearby
and to me the first time i can play in that game and hearing that static and static sounds just
kind of freaked me out anyway but i was like holy shit what's this going on especially because like
the rest of it was really quiet but then again i mean you've also got you know akira yamaoka doing
the music i mean that right there such a unique style he's got and it really very well fits the
game um so as far as um the um design of it now this i didn't know is that uh yamaoka actually
requested to compose the soundtrack the original composer quit and he asked if he could do it
that's cool um but team silent um was made up of staff members from uh the konami computer
entertainment tokyo group um and they wanted they actually wanted to make a game that would
be successful in the us so they get used uh uh hollywood-like uh atmosphere in the production so
um basically without going into um too much more about it because i mean this is a game
that everyone should have played um they basically gave them as much artistic freedom as they could
um and said just do it make it happen so um as far as um there's actually quite a bit about this
one here um the different um uh mythology though that the series created was i mean
people have actually just sat and tried to draw you know where do they get their inspirations
from some of it came from certainly from judeo christian um uh mythos but uh very very
interestingly um you know there's also the characters in the games had their names taken
from um other characters in popular culture um including um alyssa came from the lost world by
um uh sir arthur conan doyle um and uh from uh louis carroll's alice's adventures in wonderland
um there were uh real life people like cheryl mason came from uh the actress cheryl lee
just spelled differently and uh lisa garland came from judy garland michael kaufman is
a combination of um two of the troma studios producers you know what troma did right oh like
tromio and juliette the toxic avenger the killer tomatoes and all that i don't know that troma did
kill tomatoes oh i thought they did no they did their big one was they did they did okay but i
know their biggest one was the toxic avenger um uh but the other the other big thing is um and this
is you know things that came up to me afterwards is that they actually took a lot of symbolism
from kabala so it's kind of interesting it seems kind of a popular place to take stuff from but
we'll see um but anyway um going back to uh its release um it was really hard for it to pass
sensors outside of japan like the gray child monster um it had to go through uh two different
design changes and for the us and four for europe before it was approved by sensors it was just
supposed to be knife wielding nude children but they said that it was a little too graphic and
might be a bit much well i think what they turned them into is actually a little creepier the
faceless gray larger children with the huge head um in the european version the gray child was
replaced by um the mumblers which were also um later on in the game in north america um
and also in uh the end of the european version the gray child monsters are there as
transparent silhouettes um but yes silent hill came out january 31st um 1999 in japan on march
4th in europe on august 1st and it was also included in the japanese silent hill complete set
in 2006 um it was available for european playstation network and ps uh sorry playstation
network download for ps3 and psp um on march 19th and that was in europe and then two days later
the game got taken out because of unforeseen circumstances it came out in the u.s um for psn
on september 10th 2009 so there have been adaptations of the story um there was a game
boy advance version that was titled play novel silent hill and it only came out in japan in 2001
and it was a game book style visual novel that told the story through uh text and um you would
every so often you know do puzzles and you know try different things and you also have the an
option when you beat the game of playing through as sybil the officer from the game um and then
there was a another third mode um that was there too but i don't remember much about it because i
like looked at that game for five seconds and i couldn't play through much of it because i couldn't
read it very well um there was of course the movie silent hill um which was i loved it and
the the music was still done by yamaoka so it was great and it was faithful to its source material
and then there was silent hill shattered memories which was developed by climax studios um it was
it was special it wasn't bad i don't think it was great it was basically um
having to do with the character being in therapy and reliving the events so um silent hill um
got an 86 of 100 um by metacritic and uh while it's been um compared to resident evil there really
are kind of night and day this one's to me also a little bit edgier you know it it hits the mind
in a certain way it reaches into the psyche as opposed to just oh big ugly scary dog thing
oh stars that was three um and also it has been listed by ign as the 14th best playstation game
to ever be released couldn't they have just given it lucky 13. why did they have to do 14 come on
come on so this is also the game that gave us the alien ending fucking weird
all right is that it on silent hill um no all right well if you haven't checked out this game
oh no i'm sorry god all right get out all right yes yes uh anyhow that is the classic
game of the week silent hill and if you haven't played this game you really should try at some
point uh is it something that you can get on the playstation 3 like you know how they have
some of the ps1 games probably i just said it was released for it was i don't you said a lot
position all right well there you go go check that out one way or another all right uh that's
going to do it for this first part of the show though we are going to take a break though when
we come back we have plenty more show to come including rapid fire news uh games that are
coming out soon in stores this week and your calls that uh orange lounge radio all one word on skype
but first a break here at orange lounge radio we'll be back
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight on the 20th of november 2016
with episode number 666 of our show uh already in progress here we've been having a fun show
apparently there's already been blood and there's already been nudity so uh what more could you ask
for on a special landmark edition of orange lounge by the way before we get into rapid
fire news tonight i want to make sure we give a special shout out to um uh dark soccer your
buddy actually made our special intro our very scary intro we had tonight just a special like
thing uh dj backscratches his name right i don't know is there like a store page or anything check
out more music or is he just more kind of i don't know yet i actually have to look i don't know if
he actually put up a page but all right but um he's awesome yeah so he just did that because
you mentioned it was coming up and he's like i want to do a song so he did and it was fun we
thought it'd be a fun way to throw the listeners on a special occasion so even though we missed
jason tonight doing the intro but he'll be back next week uh and jason's lovely tones will still
show up somewhere in the program to give you the passphrase for those of you that are listening on
the podcast you can still check in uh over at vog network.com get your points and maybe you know
sometimes when we do special episodes there's something special to go with it so maybe something
special this week uh for episode number 666 so check that out all at vog network.com and while
you're at vog network.com uh check out some of the other stuff we have for you uh we have some
articles this week uh if you haven't seen actdef's article he actually went to the capcom live concert
uh that was uh happened in mexico a couple weeks ago he actually went and he kind of wrote a little
review and that's available right now on the front page at vognetwork.com and you can also listen to
other great shows that are on the network uh i'm gonna be on girls gone wow next week i'm supposed
to be on today but ej got sick so i hope she's doing better but i missed talking to them raven
and ej so uh i'll be back and girls gone wow is another great show on the network and all sorts of
other shows as well you know of course bobby's on before us rama will probably call in he's with
anime jam session pod culture i just lots and lots of shows available over at vognetwork.com
to register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vognetwork.com
use the passphrase chill uh let's get back into some rapid fire news some other quick stories
that we don't want to miss loki so we have some news regarding the minecraft movie which is
supposed to be coming out in a couple years here um apparently there is um he talks with
steve correll as the role of steve in the minecraft movie so um you know that it's possibly
he may be playing steve or somebody else um but he is in talks you know to be working with the movie
um that'd be fucking hilarious i mean after all it's being directed by um rava mcgalley which
you know it's always sunny in philadelphia and you know writes that and directs as well um so
just that combination sounds fantastic so i look forward to that 2019 unfortunately is when it's
but our may 2019 is when it's scheduled to be released all right and then if you want to get
some uh free game on um there's a little indie game that was made based off of doom called mini
doom and what's kind of cool about it though is it's a metroidvania take on doom it's even got the
music and sound effects from doom in there and it looks pretty fun so if you want to check that
out you can check it out on the website's page which or the ab studio the game studio which is
calvera studio that's calavera dot studio slash en slash games slash mini doom and check it out
it's free and it's small download it play it enjoy it will it fit in your pocket
it could possibly fit in your pocket maybe he is kind of small but yeah it looks pretty neat
i kind of watch some gameplay of it and you know it's got all the classic characters in there and
everything and just you know the same sound effects i think just instead of making their
own sound effects just straight over them from doom but hey why not so go check it out that sounds
fun uh we've got award season starting and uh yeah it's that time of year where we give out
awards to all sorts of video games and the golden joystick awards just happened this past week
i don't i know this is overseas this is something they do in the uk but is this
loki you know what organization puts this on is this a magazine i thought for i was having
confused with you when i saw this i was like thinking game developer awards but i was like
oh wait you know and then it's like wait jeff kealy show no no that's the game awards that happens
later on so i don't remember which organization puts us out but
all right well everybody's going to be given out but all i have to say is there's way too
many nominations for no man's sky uh let's see so the bet well actually i don't see no man's sky
winning any awards on here actually as it should uh the the best original game went to overwatch
uh let's see the best indie game went to fire watch uh let's see and laura croft was inducted
into the hall of fame uh the creator of stardew valley was given a breakthrough award uh pokemon
go the handheld mobile game of the year and the ultimate game of the year was dark souls 3
was the the i which i guess is their best picture oscar there so uh dark souls 3 which uh i'm i'm
surprised but i haven't exactly played that game really either because i get so infuriated very
rapid fans yeah yeah so uh i know that i know that series has its fans so maybe i'm missing something
i would have just assumed overwatch is going to win everything this year but maybe i don't
know final fantasy 15 maybe i don't know but it's still too early for final fantasy 15 just like
there's no nominations for um the game awards i think for final fantasy 15 i think i'm not
positive but oh really oh really because maybe because nobody's had a chance to play it yet
because it got released too late but i always thought they still somehow the game awards is
i know the golden joysticks does not so i don't think those final fantasy wasn't nominated for
anything on that but you know next year will be cool too all right uh let's see and funny in chat
yyr says it's really something to hear loki's complete reversal on no man's sky he was so
gung-ho about it before it released times certainly changed we hit the nail on the head my friend it
released exactly there was there's a lot of people that had issues with with what turned out i don't
i still think it could be made better with vr that'd be pretty fun yeah i'd go back and check
it out i don't think it's as horrible the game as most people are making it out to be however i
don't think it's going to be a game of the year it's it's a game that gets born very fast yeah
uh also hey how about some music game news to go at 20 november it's not a konami game but i'm sure
a lot of you follow this series anyway it's dj max and dj max respect is going to be coming out
for the playstation 4 in july of 2017 that was announced at g star 2017 by neo wiz games uh that
will cost you a 49 900 k korean money in south korea uh gonna have over 140 songs 40 new songs
from across dj max portable dj max portable 2 and songs from other dj max titles to be download
content arcade mode mission mode online mode gallery mode and so forth now it should be
pointed out this is going to be the dj max that involves the falling notes that you hit with
buttons on your controller like left right up on the d-pad square triangle circle it is not
touching the screen elite beat agent style like the dj max was on the psp like psp technica yes
so um just just so you know it's different type of dj max but that's more in line i think i think
there were dj max games on the psp that were very similar to that so that's what you're going to be
getting on the ps4 so i'm sure i'm sure a lot of you music game fans will be into that and checking
that out next year dark sakura well we do have some uh other little news about uh some zelda stuff
computer to bring up the page now okay there we go so um there is an escape room
game coming out called defenders of the triforce and it is a uh
a group puzzle story event that's being hosted in eight different cities in the us
looks like a real world one so basically different teams are going to come together in the area and
solve puzzles and items and definitely recover the triforce so the experience will be in san
francisco phoenix seattle chicago los angeles san diego houston and new york you know these escape
room things these are the things that shane was raving about when he was uh doing the um like the
trips and stuff he was he was uh doing these escape rooms and spoke very highly of them so
don't they have like a resident evil one coming out or silent hill or something like that i think
it's resident evil i would do a silent hill one yeah well and i'm sure like most things nintendo
there won't be enough supply to match demand especially if they did like you know only eight
cities or what have you so and in other news what the mass effect is coming out on vinyl
the album and i needs them i needs them uh the for the whole trilogy or just the first game for
the whole thing oh that's pretty cool i'm sorry those aren't gonna fit in your playstation 4 or
xbox one so that's good that's completely useless unfortunately you haven't seen me try
um and they are an orange red white and uh black albums and uh one for each game i just need to
have this in my existence oh they're 100 bucks never mind too much maybe when i sell my sealed
copy of demon days all right uh let's travel around the world and check out what is coming
out in stores near you this week loki starting in the us well lots of stuff and in fact one thing
i'm looking forward to especially this week aside from turkey because turkey and days off are
something that i enjoy a lot um and mashed potatoes not let's not forget mashed potatoes but
final fantasy 15 finally gonna be making its way out well actually it's on the let's say the 29th
so that'll be yeah i was gonna say unfortunately it's after thanksgiving when final fantasy finally
yeah that's lame no it's not it's still it's a Tuesday Tuesday that's right anyways well i
was hoping that was coming out next week unfortunately but i will have to wait a little
longer for that this week uh not a whole lot so we've got bat um batman the telltale series episode
four uh guardian of gotham that's gonna be coming out on most platforms looks like mobile uh
playstation xbox and pc mac as well uh the amnesia collection on playstation 4 they're doing a yet
another remaster of darksiders why i don't know um but that's on playstation 4 weu and xbox one
which begs the question because they already did a remaster on weu so is that the same fucking thing
all over again i don't know um dragon ball fusions coming out on 3ds total war war hammer
making its way out to linux samurai warriors sonata maru on all playstation platforms
also darksiders war master division coming out on pc as well few days later steins gate zero that's
gonna be coming out on playstation 4 and vita and um actually i'm sorry that is actually the
following week as well damn that final fantasy 15 see it really should have come out this week
because you know then all that time off now i have to wait yeah that's all right i gotta play your
backlog yeah they're backlog yeah all right traveling to japan time let's uh check out what's
over there actually it's pretty quiet in japan this week at least on the playstation 4 i think
that's because final fantasy 15 you know we are ramping up getting closer to that but there is a
pretty big release uh sengoku musou sonata maru comes out this week in japan that's what dynasty
warriors right that's just what they call it over there um so that is a release on the playstation
4 then the playstation vita is getting that same release because playstation vita still gets a lot
of releases and actually a lot of releases on the vita this week uh traveling stars id rebirth and
code realize shukufuku no mirai comes out here's the thing that is really silly if you think about
it and this is consistent week to week there's more releases coming out even in the us on the
vita than there are in the 3ds right i know right and yet no support for like what the hell sony
come on like step it up i understand that you're kind of like oh it's never never gonna win
so step it up i mean you have so many games coming out all right well speaking of the 3ds
uh it's no slouch of a week over in japan uh we do have some games coming out on the 3ds including
rpg sukuru fest comes out this week i'm not sure if this is like a design your own rpg game it's
what it kind of looks like to me based on the screenshots is that it's like kind of like because
it's a very kind of basic rpg but then one of these screens kind of looks like it might be like
a make your own type of thing but that is out this week in japan was it called again um you
asked that when i just closed it rpg sukuru fest it might be rpg maker i want to i thought they
were doing like no that was thinking i i think there's one that's coming to mobile well then
there's also ikatsu stars my special appeal comes out this week on the 3ds and that looks to be
another one of those idol style games where you you know kind of you can tap the buttons and to
the beat and then play barbie dress up with your characters and everybody loves those uh and then
lastly on the 3ds this week uh tetsudo nippon rosen tabi aizu tetsudo hen comes out this week
and this looks to be one of those train simulator games on the 3ds which unfortunately we don't
really get any of those here but i gotta say just looking at some of like the pictures here it looks
it's very it's a pretty looking i think that's where steam comes in handy because i'm pretty
sure they've got all the simulators on steam i'll have to i'll have to check out some of those
because yeah this this actually looks like it might be kind of neat but yeah it's not
something that i would have to get pretty i missed the densha de go series i need to get misty's
opinion on this because she's the biggest train fan i know but these these games we need a vr
train game i bet they've got that oh i bet they do have something like that they've got to like
at least one of those experiences or something like that i swear that um i yeah when i saw like
an imax i want to say i saw like an imax movie randomly where the hell was i was it seattle
or something i saw an imax movie that was like a train and it was trains going across canada
and it was this whole documentary about trains or was it canada or was it i don't even remember was
obviously this is a while ago that i saw but i feel like it was it i feel like it was when alan
and i were in seattle we saw something at the imax like the science the pacific science center or
whatever it's called there and it was like a train imax movie but it was i mean it was very pretty
obviously as you would expect the other fun one i like is the uh video that was one one of those
train simulator games where i think you can make your own tracks where they did train drifting
where they have the back wheels on like different tracks in the front wheels no that'll be eurobeat
in the back yeah that only works if you play eurobeat and it would have eurobeat in the back
okay good good train drifting it's awesome you gotta seriously watch i want to see the fast and
the furious but it's about trains and it's about the california bullet train that they're never
gonna fucking build even though what that was approved in what 2008 they're never gonna fucking
build it anyway uh dark sakura hey we've missed you doing the uk releases the united kingdom is
happy to have you back dark sakura i wish they would take me this country's broken
um well they're i don't know they're pretty there's issues over there too to be i like that
one meme that's like and now you know brexit happened it can't get worse than that and us is
like hold my beer yeah maybe i need to go take that train across canada for real just kidding
i would never run away from my problems i would i'm the type to stay right here and make a lot of
noise i'm very good at making noise dark sakura i'll make noise but also though occasionally
running away from your problems leads to disneyland that is true and in chat uh akuma jp is
asking rob is visiting japan too you know i hadn't been planning on it but well fuck it why not i
was telling hubby that i'm actually very considering very much considering um
studying again and trying to pass the jail pt1 we'll see shane keeps telling me about his big
trip to new zealand that he's planning and how he's not going to come back yeah i'm like great
why don't i lose a friend too in 26 well actually that would be 2017 but wouldn't that just be the
icing on the cake anyhow hey you saw the 22nd we have pokemon moon and pokemon sun yay on the 24th
beat the beat rhythm paradise for wii u that's it well we're gonna beat the beat on a few new
news articles here uh and then we'll get to the phone calls better than beating the meat
orange lounge radio we already talked about the game um oh we need to get to the mailbag actually
we had a last minute email that came in uh dark sucker i forwarded it to your um address yes
yeah all right all right uh music let's where's your music here it is every week you guys send us
emails participate at orange lounge radio.com and some of you wait until the very last minute to do
it yeah rage nader but in the absence of no other emails to read if we didn't get this one late
breaking yeah rage nader we're gonna read this one from rage nader this one's from yyr kidding
kidding kidding kidding kidding this is from rage nader i like the idea of crediting emails
to different people hi folks rage nader here just a short last second email every so often
a game or series of games comes along that we end up becoming a fan of this is so tiny
god i'm just gonna put it up to my nose but for whatever reason that game or series dies out a
developer folds the rights a holder loses interest in publishing it etc that being said if you have
the ability to do so what ip would you buy up inject a new life into and publish new entries
for for me it would be the socom franchise but i'd have it published on pc and console
how about silent hill i was gonna say easiest oh i was gonna say easiest fucking question i've
ever been asked but i thought jamie would take my answer but apparently she's not
what you're gonna say silent hill yeah because it's been shit after four
fair enough uh i'm gonna make you wait loki what would you pick what rights to the game
would you buy oh i know what this is because you've been saying it for years
what rights would i buy i mean god i don't know i mean it could be a couple things uh
i'd either do dance dance revolution excite truck there you go that was the answer i was thinking
or saints row because i could do some kick-ass things with saints row saints
rose not exactly dead though i don't think those rights are being given up anytime soon
i don't know about that and then my answer dark socra will be this little game that was on the
nes many years ago the guardian legend it was a small series guardic wasn't that great no guardic
was kind of like the only reason people know of guardic is because of the guardian legend that's
seriously all it is so uh yes we need a new game now here's the funny thing now jamie you've been
out a few weeks so you may have missed this um the other game i would have suggested is blaster
master but it's somebody did it somebody bought the rights the japanese company bought the rights
they're making a new 3ds game that is a retro style but it's gonna have some new stuff that
you would have missed would it cost for us to get the rights for the guardian legend
i i don't know but i'll bid five dollars i've got ten fifteen dollars right dollars for the
guardian legend you want to help on a dollar all right sixteen dollars the guardian legend
maybe we should make this a kickstarter go fund me let's do it let's do a kickstarter
our first kickstarter orange lounge radio buying the guardian legend
i've come on compile you can let us have it i've never turned to kickstarter for anything
but this might just do it this might just do it uh anyway uh dungeon buster says orange
lounge legend i just uh who has the guardian legend ip didn't we track it down at one point
and i thought we did i know it was originally compile um because it was made by compile
somehow i went to see this title which would be square enix right fuck i want to say well
actually all we have to do is find the people who are doing the reimagining and then see who sent
them the cnd great question someone was in a reimagining yeah it looks pretty neat um the
internet of course somebody was doing something hey bloodhounds of vog look for us all right
this is biad by the rights for doa extreme beach volleyball and just turn it to straight porn
because that's really what everybody's hoping it goes to now dark barbie's for boys this is a great
idea from dark tetsuya because we probably could get this license for 16 i'd resurrect rock
revolution but bring in more guitar freaks draw media crossovers and fix up that interface
can we can we buy the rights to rock revolution maybe should we send konami a letter i'll offer
you 16 for all the rights to rock revolution i don't know i saw like a thing today randomly
you know i was like hey i'm going to work on my game which meant i'm turning on youtube and
totally not working on my game and so one of the random videos that came up was someone playing one
of those uh i don't know what you'd call like a pipe instrument it's basically um like the
blue man didgeridoo no not the didgeridoo like the blue man group they have a bunch of things
made of pvc pipe at different lengths and they are hitting them with you know like spoons or
something like that and you know makes kind of like a techno synth sound type thing let's make
that into a music game why not why not all right there you go rage nater hope you enjoyed the
answers to your question if you want to send us an email do it participate at orange lounge radio
com do it now getting back into some news well actually i just found a facebook page for a
skinner ks who's working on another guardian guardian legend remake so yes but is it official
or is it a fan remake it's probably a fan remake but we'll see what i'm thinking
all right in the meantime let's get back into some other news with loki all right so in case
you weren't aware there is a sequel to swap note out now for your 3ds it's called swap doodle
and it's out on the 3d se shop yeah so apparently um you get less you can get lessons to draw
characters for 299 and yeah apparently you can swap doodles with swap pass and stuff how much
to get lessons to draw genital jousting well come on everybody knows how to draw penises i mean
that's that's easy that game is literally time to penis the game it is like it zero it's zero time
the penis and we're done all right i i had no idea that a sequel to swap note was out so swap doodle
but you can download swap doodle for free but it's just the other stuff in it is pay money right
so nintendo shuts something down and then brings it back years later but with microtransactions
how nice of them sounds legit moving on uh hey let's talk about pinball let's talk about pinball
tables that don't actually exist except in the minds of zen studios but that's cool because
then studios make some good they should totally make real pinball tables they they should and
these would be some good things to maybe make them have any kind of ironic going from like a digital
pinball company to making like actual pinball tables well here's the cool thing is that they're
they're going to be reimagining for their next tables they're bringing bethesda properties so
it's kind of a team-up of sorts and they're actually going to be making a fallout pinball
table a doom pinball table and an elder scrolls 5 skyrim pinball table and that was all in a press
release that came out from zen uh no news on when uh but just that they do have the rights and that
they are adapting these properties to pinball so i would assume at some point within 2017 because
it's not like they have to write the engine or anything they probably just have to you know come
up with the ideas which are probably already being worked on and then actually put them into tables
so that's pretty cool uh i would play a skyrim pinball table hell yeah and doom and fallout
pretty good choices as well so and i'm sure they'll have some of the music and all that stuff
so that'll be really cool dark soccer you're the pinball fan do you but you don't do you play a
lot of the e pinball or digital pinball like fake tables you don't really play a lot of that right
so much dan does a bit um he got into zen pinball for a little bit and then um but most of the time
he i think both of us just prefer to have it on a real thing i know i used to love that stuff
like pinball dreams and epic pinball and all those like 90s great pinball games dan dan's
big one was pin maim for a while yeah yeah they do like they you can put that on a tv and lay the tv
down face down that's something i could do with my old tv well now it is they've got the um shit
what's it called uh the ultra the ultra pin oh yeah yeah but not the same not the same as a
real table i understand ultra pin was an interesting concept i tried to play black knight on one
and it just it you need to have the feedback you have to feel the table yeah uh by the way going
to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com some folks stepping up to the challenge uh dungeon buster
says us copyright notes iram as the holder but nothing else after that so i guess they may still
hold the rights to the guardian legend compile made it but it could be the case where iram as
the publisher owns the ip and they're into pachinko now so 16. let me do some digging
all right uh by the way of speaking of the pinball tables stop he says i'd pay for a
fallout pinball table with a glowing green ball um so i'm sure they'll do some silly
effects and stuff uh vid power says real pinball is very difficult to be good at i'm amazed when
i watch good pinball players you know i know vid powers from vegas and i or at least last time i
checked he was uh and that's one of the things i'm sad i didn't get to do when i was in vegas
as i was planning to go to that pinball museum that they have there but i just i never made it
over there i was just too busy with the convention oh darn i'll have to go back to vegas who darn
anyway uh dark sakura i know you're you're putting your research hat on but how about
one more story for us i reckon um well if you are fans of uh guardians of the galaxy well guess what
there's going to be a uh game come out by uh uh telltale with marvel um that should be out in 2017
um that actually the uh the saga uh after a strike has actually been uh what revealed this uh to
exist um because the uh it was listed as um one of the games uh that needed to be negotiated for
voice acting rights so but the game is to be sexy and authentic whatever is the sequel to guardians
in the galaxy next year or the year after i know one thing next year next year so this would be
appropriately timed for something like that yeah i don't know i'm still kind of salty about
guardians now because of tower of terror oh yeah i can't write it yeah i'm a little salty about
that too i got to admit that's just well it's stupid fault it's disney's fault but for being
dumb well disney owns marvel thou though i mean i don't know i i understand that the the uh twilight
zone is not the ip that it used to be but it's just like now now i understand it could be yeah
exactly it could be and now i just understand why older people have the get off my lawn mentality is
that we just i like guardians of the galaxy i just don't think they need a ride for it
yeah every ip like all your popular ip's don't necessarily need rides i mean no one's gonna be
like oh man i gotta go just killing the ride that guardians of the galaxy right no one is saying
that no one i i think there'll be some people that want to check it out i but it's weird is
it going to be the same shit where it just falls is that it yeah the the ride essentially is not
changing but all this all the skin the theming and all that stuff is changing but that was like the
best part of the tower of terror was that whole like story or whatever the the that was the only
part i liked yeah for sure it was awesome but i i'm gonna try to give it a chance but i'm just
everything i love disney destroys gets it's hard to hard to love after a while but i haven't been
dar sakra there was a time here on olr where you and i were obsessed with disneyland we were going
multiple times a year every year and now it's like i haven't been i i want to say the last
trip i took was when i went to like my last e3 with bobby i got poor yeah it's just it's money
yeah it is it's got really expensive way too much to get in for sure for sure all right
anyway sorry not to tangent too much but it happens uh meanwhile loki one more story we're
gonna open up skype line soon guys uh orange lounge radio all one word on skype but first
loki so this is pretty cool and i'd be kind of curious to see how well this works um but they
showed off a new um they launched a new thing for the htc vibe called google earth vr and it's a
free app on steam you can check out and allows you to fly around the planet now i'm not sure
how detailed it is i mean some of the screenshots or the video they're showing
it looked like is pretty detailed but i'm not sure if it's like specific areas that are these
this detailed or if it's everything i have a hard time believing that's everything but
it looked cool so if you got a vibe go check it out i really want to check this out this sounds
awesome actually i love that it's free and the fact that you know there's all these different
i mean all these pictures kind of exist i mean even if you do the street view on google you
can kind of rotate things around in a 360 degree view anywhere anywhere that the google car has
been basically it doesn't probably have that level of detail that you're talking about
but they probably did send photographers out to get high res and better detail of these places
that people would would really want to visit yeah i mean it looked cool so i mean get that
definitely check it out yeah if you have that i really want to check that out except i don't
have a vibe and i don't know if i can spend that kind of money to get one so i'm just gonna have
to really hope that my pal bobby blackwolf brings us to dragon con because i know he has a vibe or
hopefully at some point in the next few months you know some more people i know here locally
will have one i want to check this out but that sounds really cool and it's free yep can't be free
does google even run ads or anything on it i guess not it's crazy no all right well speaking of free
everybody's favorite operating system linux you know they try to install linux on everything they
try to put it on a toaster they try to put it on a refrigerator like if it has a screen if it has
any type of computer chip in it somebody inevitably somewhere will try to put linux on it so of course
as you probably can guess the nes classic edition yes they've installed linux on that now actually
i didn't know this the classic edition of the nes already runs on a form of linux so this made it
really really easy to do so a japanese hacker actually did this with the famicom version of
the nes classic edition so the famicom mini and actually posted a guide online on how to do it
so basically using a serial to usb cable and then a u-boot loader software and then actually
installed uh linux's boot sequence now it's very limited obviously what it can do it's not like
you're gonna be able to do all this crazy stuff on there but uh apparently um yeah it's it's done
would you replace the roms in there because that would be pretty awesome you know what's funny is
that it's actually called out that his efforts do not look to be that he's trying to extract
the emulator or change the game files in there that would really be different than just trying
to install linux off on it um but that is that is what this person's done so there it is linux now
on the nes classic release the famicom classic but come on if they got it on there they're
gonna get it it's the same it's like the same hardware please probably next week we'll hear
that i get one of those they look pretty fun i'm disappointed that the the size of the the um
cables on them but there are there's third-party companies that sell extension cords for them which
that's nice and that really it is silly that they didn't put it with a longer cord because
come on i mean well our skype line is now open at orange lounge radio all one word on skype but
loki we we talked about the nes classic a little bit on the the show you missed earlier this week
but um i'm curious because you're you know you're usually one of the first to express reservations
about nintendo things but you are into this nes class well yeah i thought it looked pretty cool
i mean i don't know if i'll actually play it because i bought a clico one and never
really did anything with that so i don't know but i wanted to play it all right well let's
get to the phones it's uh ringing off the hook tonight hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this dare you ask mortal this is satan prince of darkness now wait a minute i know dj satan's
voice and he's on strike right now apparently oh well this is not a dj satan this is the satan
oh oh excuse me there is a oh i'm i'm sorry i'm sorry satan how dare i doubt you uh how can we
help you tonight uh well um hi how are you how are you on this fine evening um i'm i'm feeling
sassy and wonderful it's episode 666 uh i bet you're really happy about that aren't you satan
oh absolutely i really wanted to congratulate you guys on this milestone i mean i i'd say i'd
have you over for a party but you probably don't want to wind up here i hear it's really hot yeah
i i don't think i i really want to be visiting you anytime soon satan but do you have any tips on how
to stay away like because i don't i mean i mean i'm sure you're cool and all but i i don't really
want to visit you for all eternity are there any tips on how to stay away well um let me just say
i'm actually really happy with the outcome of this u.s presidential election
of course of course well i mean you know i'd like anyone else i get worried about the future too
and if everyone had a conscience and did the right thing and tried to be accepting and
understanding and tried to make our society better then we'd stop receiving new clients
business would sink like a stone we'd be out of work but this election tells us that we're going
to have a lot of work ahead of us for years to come satan i feel like at night you know i feel
like you're on a broadway show or something um right now but that's it's all good it's all good
satan what's your favorite if only what are your favorite video games to play
uh well really i'd say mostly mobile games because they're all evil i mean they're evil
in a way that we can really learn from down here have you ever heard of game of war uh is that the
one that mariah carrey is the spokesperson for i think kate upton for a while yeah but like it's
it's not about the the spokesperson it's about the game itself i mean the whole game is upgrades
upgrade and then you upgrade again and then you realize that the only way to upgrade faster is
to pay the money so you pay the money and then and only then they reveal that the upgrades go
farther than you'd ever imagined and that you'll never ever get there unless you pay them about a
shit ton it's like Scientology well you know at that point you could quit but you need to train
more troops and help your buddy and your alliance and upgrade your farm to level 24 and oh my god i
can't stop now and well that's how they do it and and last week you mentioned that the same company
that made this game is adapting final fantasy into a game like this now you don't need me to tell you
that's evil satan i i gotta get your opinion on one more thing before we let you go uh
saying because i don't know how long anything i don't know how long you're gonna be able to
hold out that voice but satan uh what what are your thoughts what are your thoughts on diablo 3
um well you know uh honestly i don't like it because i mean it everything in there are
supposedly from hell but that isn't a realistic portrayal at all you know it's all the equivalent
of movie sets and office buildings down here and and our citizens you know they just don't look
like that we mostly look like lawyers whose hopes and dreams have been forever crushed
don't you hate it when the goddamn media blows everything out of proportion
oh no i i love it i think it's great more chaos the better that's what i say
all right satan um one more thing before we let you go to any any words of advice
to us here at orange lounge radio as we uh continue on to episode 667 next week
and beyond sure i mean just keep doing what you're doing i mean i like olr because of the
fact that you guys are honest honest people are easily tricked well i don't know i i don't know
i don't know satan i mean we we try our best purchase you know mass effect you know three
several times you shut your whore mouth actually i got three words for you no man sky all right
that's it we're done bye satan the power of christ compels you the power of christ compels
you meanwhile i'm sitting here the jewish girl satan's an angel
all right let's get to another call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
black luigi checking in hello my friend how are you good good good now before we talk shall i
go to my freezer and grab a bottle of alcoholic beverage and do a shot for 666
as if you needed a reason well i'm just doing it this time for well i just wanted to make sure
just give me a second i'll go get the goddamn bottle only it would be better if you had some
fireball back there to go with the last caller but we'll take a week and get whatever it is that
you uh have their bread six six shots of fire exactly that's what i'm saying but i i will let
rama use whatever uh liquor he might have available to him how about kraken okay release
the kraken sounds appropriate enough for episode 666 all right since i don't have time to grab the
um the shot glass i'll just do it straight from the bottle sounds good to me here's to the cast
and crew of olr and 666 and 666 more let us hope uh stop he says bring your blood alcohol content
up 2.666 uh rama will be going up coming this week for friendsgiving uh you call or i'm sorry
i'm sure you called and you introduced yourself as black luigi and you know obviously that's you
know one of your most well-known cosplays but especially show especially so this week that we
were off because the release of the nes classic i heard you got your picture in like some newspapers
and stuff right yeah a couple of times i'm i'm telling bob i'm still a little shocked and giddy
about that that's awesome didn't you didn't you get like second place in their costume contest
yes i did congrats that's awesome but here's the thing i almost didn't make it in oh no
because i didn't know that you needed a wristband to get into the event but thankfully somebody i
was talking to one of his friends left gave me his wristband and the manager's like yeah sure
let him in phew well that's good so what i know you talked about this already on bobby's show i
don't want you to repeat yourself too much but give our listeners like the 50 000 foot overview
how was the event what happened it was pretty amazing now i gave um the bike black will show
like the the meat and potatoes i'm giving you guys the big mac okay we'll take it all right see
there's a few cosplayers and i took some pictures and i know uh act up got excited about the kirby
cosplay because we all know he loves kirby so i had to make sure i get pictures of that
pretty much when you walked in all the party was on the second floor and they had some fruit snacks
fun dip and other cool snacks from the 80s and 90s that we all ran home to eat or we kind of
hoped that was in our lunch boxes when we went to lunch and they had juice boxes and unfortunately
i didn't get there in time to get some ecto cooler but i still had a thing of of apple juice which
was pretty cool did they have capri sun no that's a bummer
maybe next time maybe next time yeah so when you walk in on the left there is a section you know
where you can take pictures they had a lot of blow-up balloons and stuff that were that kind
of looked like stuff from the 80s like the old um zach morris cell phone oh god all right yeah
like the giant like the giant antenna and all that stuff like car phones legit car phones
yeah and when i got there there was a guy they dressed as mario his girlfriend was peach and
we couldn't even walk through like three feet with somebody asking to take our picture which
i thought was pretty cool oh gosh that must have been such a tragedy for somebody who loves
attention so much right i'm not that bad of an attention whore rob come on no i know i'm just
giving you crap but come on it's it's fun to be in the spotlight for a little bit true especially
since i didn't do standard luigi i decided to go ahead and do super mario brothers super show
luigi so i was there with the mallet the plunger and some tools you know that nice colored shirt
you know i'm thinking you know why not nice so and what was cool was a little bit in they brought
everyone together and they had a gentleman who i forget his name but most likely somebody recorded
it and it's on youtube that they did like a brief history of the nes and the nintendo coming to new
york in america and so forth they talked about how they had rented out a warehouse in jersey
and they were putting together the display props um trying to get the inventory in and the stories
behind that warehouse that it was haunted uh deer would walk by and there was uh toxic waste going
by as well but mind you this warehouse was in jersey so none of this surprised me in the least
of course not so as they got into that they showed off some cool commercials what was cool was they
did the entire video as if someone brought it in on a vhs tape nice now they showed the very first
commercial for rob and let me tell you i cannot find this commercial on youtube i went searching
for about three days could not find this one this one was never released then they showed the
commercial for super mario brothers 3 now we've all seen that commercial super mario brothers 3 but
not everybody knows there is a variant of that commercial i was gonna say yes we've all watched
the wizard god damn it loki well what was what was this variant okay now we've all seen the
commercial for mario 3 where everyone's chanting mario's name and the screen pulls back and it
shows his face now there's three versions of that commercial it's all the same the first version
goes he's back and the all-new super mario brothers 3 for nintendo there's that version
that's the original one that they showed and that was the one that they originally showed here in
the us a little bit down the line same commercial but they changed the wording at the end to
all you had to do was back all you had to do was ask he's back in super mario brothers 3
third version was only in the uk because there nintendo and Mattel had an agreement
for releasing the console over there right and that commercial advertised super mario brothers
one two and three and boys the background goes there strength in numbers super mario brothers
one two and three for nintendo entertainment system yeah i feel like the nes came out later
in europe too so they kind of had some catching up to do yeah they did yeah then they showed the
commercial for dr mario not the original one where it was where the the commercial was based
off of the witch doctor it was the second commercial where everyone is singing and dancing
now by chance do you remember that commercial uh no all right here's a brief clip
oh
okay i do remember that you're right i remember that on nickelodeon
yeah and then they switched over to the commercial for yoshi and we've all seen that one
i don't know if i remember the yoshi one all right hold on there's nowhere to hide
because here comes yoshi and he's up against goombas bloopers blue buddies and piranha plants
in nintendo's new stack and sandwich puzzle game called yoshi match the creatures and wipe them out
play along i don't remember that one i remember that one and the third one was a commercial for
a game i did not think they would bring up but star tropics well why not star tropics is one
of the games in in the uh nes classic edition so it makes sense true but i didn't think it
was that popular enough where he's gonna show the commercial for that i figured they would be
showing it for another game but that was also pretty cool that's awesome so it's a lot of
retro-tastic stuff going on at the event yeah and then they talked about a brief history of
the nintendo famicom which became the avs which became the nes well that's cool um so but you
didn't walk out of there with one of the systems right no i did not i kind of hoped i did because
when the costume contest started it was basically that you would stand next to each person you know
level of applause so when they got to me the entire floor was just chanting luigi back to
back like luigi luigi and i'm just standing there feeling like freaking um wink from the
legend of zelda i'm standing there with my fist up in the air holding the plunger like i'm the best
there is right and then he got beat yeah i got beat by by someone came as little mac did did
the winners get a nes classic no um they had this limited edition nes classic shirt that
the first place got second place got um a water bottle which what i got and third place got a
cool beanie uh classic hat well that's cool he had something well of course they're not
going to give him a system they didn't have enough to go around it they didn't have enough
he's got a point there i'm just saying you know all right well rama i'm going to let you go so
we get some more calls but thank you uh for sharing the uh experiences there sounds like
you had a good time i wish i could have been there i did and like i said i'm just still enthralled
by by all the fun time i just had a blast pretty much and i hope they do another one and i'm going
to make sure that i get my hands on the console so if you see my name pop up on amazon or ebay
for one for sale just just just so you know all right noted all right take care of my friend
youtube bro all right bye all right uh orange lounge radio all one word on skype
one eight seven seven game olr if you prefer to do things the old-fashioned way uh any last minute
stories low-key or dark soccer any anything last minute you guys want to bring up here on the show
um no no not i guess i want pink berry the news is starting to slow down a little bit
a little bit i want pink berry who doesn't want pinkberry all right we're gonna take one more
call and then uh we'll wrap it up hi your own orange sounds ready who's this hey uh this is
raging nader hey rage nader what's on your mind buddy uh not a whole lot um you know i'm not sure
if i had asked this at one point or another chances are amaya but just in case i didn't
um your music break today had reminded me you know which included a bunch of uh um
castlevania music also you know including some um super castlevania 4 music reminded me of
when i first got the the super nintendo way back in the day yeah which was which was the the first
console that i had bought completely on my own and super castlevania 4 was one of the uh first
three games i got with the system dollar two obviously being you know super mario world which
came back with the system and the third being act razor and just so our listeners know uh because
the podcast folks didn't get the music break because we can't just play the music uh uh for
uh free recordings and all that uh so uh yeah we had a uh you know because we take a little break
between the first second half of the show we just played a variety of music from castlevania something
fit the theme a little bit so you are reminded of when you bought a super nintendo yeah and you know
this being the first console that i had bought completely on my own season up my money and all
that i was immensely proud of the fact this one system was wholly mine couple letters mine no
uh you know if i want to have it in my bedroom you know no one could tell me any differently
if i want to have any living room whatever uh that being said um do you have any fond memories
of uh the first console that you had bought what and if you don't mind sharing like what
console that was and what games you got with it yeah uh what about you guys cons first console
you bought and the memories that go with that dark soccer wasn't wasn't like the nes a gift
or something to you i remember there was my my nes was a gift the first thing that i paid money
for myself was buying a super nintendo because at the time i actually had money um it was right
before the playstation came out and i went to thrift store and bought one because it was cheap
um the next system that i well actually all the rest of the systems that i bought with
my money mine and dan's money so everything else after that um yeah but i know the first one i
owned was a clique-o-vision but that was like that was present parents gift right yeah and
our neighbors had a um an odyssey too um the first one i remember buying for myself well here's the
funny thing because it was a gift but it wasn't so i got christmas money as a gift i got like
200 in christmas money i promptly went and bought a playstation one with the money i remember my
mom was mad because she was like i can't believe he's spending all that money on freaking video
games but it's like she should have known that was going to happen come on so i i went to the
warehouse if you all remember that chain i don't even know if it existed on nope not anymore well
i know it's long gone but uh was that a west coast only chain or did it exist other places i don't
know but anyway i went to this place called the warehouse and i bought a playstation one and a
copy of crash bandicoot 2 i think was the first game i had on that because the playstation had
already been out for a year or two by the time i got it because it was down it must have been
down to 150 or the point where i was able to buy it or maybe i might have sold some games or
something to kind of differentiate the cost i don't remember but i do remember that was the
first console i bought with my own money uh was the playstation one what about you logie um i
bought super nintendo because i had gotten uh my nintendo was a gift for my parents and then
i had a clique ovision which my dad had purchased which he says he wasn't a gamer but he had like
47 games for it so please explain that and all the peripherals um so i sold that and my nintendo
collection to earn enough money to buy super nintendo i think i got like the first game i
wanted to get super mario world but they didn't have for sale because i bought it i thought it
was like a packing game by default i thought yeah not no not this was just the basic thing and so
i got uh roadrunners death valley rally which actually funny enough is actually not a game
it's it's a pretty cool sonic clone um and then i forget i think i may have gotten linked to the
past or something like that with it but um i know i didn't ever get i don't think i ever bought
super mario world but hey you know what that was back in the day when it's like it doesn't fucking
matter because my friend down the street has super mario world i'll just borrow it from him
and that's kind of what we did so yeah nice uh yeah uh one final question you know before i do
hang up and let you get on with the show uh since you know you know everyone's pretty much mentioned
uh you know uh you know either buying the super nintendo on their own or at least owning the system
well uh at one point or another you know you know be a gift or relatives you know or siblings
system um you know just playing and playing it that way um i gotta ask this now when you
when you uh played the game uh the system for the first time we heard now the sound you know
you know music sound effects coming from the system be it playing uh
super castlevania or actuaries or any other games did you have you know have uh
no uh holy shit moment you know with you know with the sound you know like wow you know
again system is actually capable of this i have to admit not i i yes and no i think no because
most systems that i bought i had seen it at friend's house before i bought them so you kind
of already had that holy shit moment at somebody else's house i think before i necessarily had the
thing in my own house the the i the lone exception may be the nes there was something about when i
first got that and i had played that at friends houses already you know plenty of it but i think
when i first played that system on like my own tv it was definitely like a holy shit moment like
this is this is mine essentially and like it's my own little you know version of super mario
brothers that you know is arcade perfect you know if you think about the pay choice 10 back in the
day and all that like that there was kind of that moment but at the same time i think i was kind of
prepared what to expect because i had seen it at friends houses i don't know did you guys have a
holy crap moment i think it was like all the systems you know pretty much the nintendo was
you know it's more exciting than i had one and then um but like even just going from each system
up until about maybe the playstation 3 i don't think the playstation 3 was that holy shit for
me because i had an xbox 360 and that was kind of holy shit you know going from that um and then
like playstation 4 there's not a whole lot that's really kind of like like this generation that's
not been like hey it looks nicer i mean like grand theft 5 looks fucking awesome so that's kind of
wowing but um and then playstation vr is pretty good but yeah i mean i think each generation i
remember like you know because i bought like i had my first job at round table you know pizza
working there and stuff and i my first paycheck i went and bought a playstation one with final
fantasy 7 that was like holy shit this is fucking awesome you know yeah that that's the game to
start on right there yeah i remember actually playing that for the first time that playstation
i bought served me really well i mean that saw me through college and playing that playstation
one's still kicking oh i'm sure i'm sure mine storage somewhere but it's you know still kicking
mine would work too if i could find it it's probably in a fucking bin somewhere but
i mean that was the same playstation that we played japanese ddr mixes because dark
sakura bought some or brought some plug over to my house oh yeah i love this and actually
yeah work on the playstation one that i bought like i think that was the year between high school
and college so yeah anyway well thank you for the trip down memory lane uh rage nader appreciate it
all right have a nice night yeah you too take care buddy yep you too bye all right uh well that's
going to do it for phone calls tonight thank you so much to those that called in but if you didn't
get through uh you can always send us an email participate at orange laundry.com or you can do
a tweet as well twitter.com slash olr uh let's see looking in chat uh dark to looking in chat dark
tetsuya says i think my holy shit moment was the metal gear solid 1 demo there's that part in the
beginning where you have to crawl under the pipe i didn't expect the camera to pan down and turn
into a first person perspective i never see anything like that on the system up until that
point uh and the yyr also calls out the playstation 1 my holy shit moment was resident evil the
hallway with the dogs crashing through the window enough said oh god i remember that that made me
scream so loud i think i had friends over too we all played that anyway that is going to do
it for another episode of orange lounge radio thank you guys so much you know we've had a lot
of tongue-in-cheek fun tonight with our episode number 666 but seriously we would have never made
it this far if it wasn't for you guys and your support and we'll be right back to do it again
next week with episode 667 so um hope we hope we didn't disappoint you though with this particular
mark of the beast episode if you like what you heard here at orange lounge radio tell a friend
or two or six about the show and help us spread the word because orange on radio is the show where
every gamer has a voice but we can only you know use those voices if they're here to be shared so
uh please consider spreading the word uh dark sick dark soccer it was great to have you back
thank you for being here uh we'll see you next week maybe question mark if it works out if not
we'll see you december 18th right for sure uh hopefully still hearing you through the classic
game of the week we gotta make sure we don't slack on that right but uh any final thoughts
for our listeners tonight i'm tired i want chocolate would you want the chocolate that
has caffeine in it so it wakes you up so you're not tired i gotta sleep eventually i guess that's
true um let's see my final thought tonight is um i i'm trying to decide if i need to go play more
pokemon or more overwatch because i do my copy my actual copy of overwatch got here today hooray for
sunday shipping that's weird but um yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna play i think maybe a little overwatch
after the show maybe i'll do some streaming it's been like i haven't streamed since no man sky came
out i really need to get back into that and i hear the ps4 pro to 60 frame a second streaming
it looks really good you know well i saw x for doing that the other night uh because i got you
fallout um they just added mod support that was something i forgot that i mentioned they just
added that this week with a patch oh i want to check that out so they have mod support now so
yeah go check that out i was downloading i was actually going to play that today um i got to
downloading mazin and my wife decided she wanted to watch netflix on the tv i was like fuck i'm
like i keep saying we should get it like a roku or something like that way you can watch netflix
and i can like play games on the playstation vr you know whether it be like actual vr games or
just using that virtual screen i mean then that way we can both do it she's like no chris macuz
right around the corner well actually i still can play it on my laptop because i've that does work
now which is nice so i mean i guess i well no actually no i can't because she's still fucking
using the playstation for the netflix so that doesn't work so no all right and is uh is that
your final thought my final thought is i'm gonna really try to work on games this week um i've even
decided not to go to work tomorrow so it's gonna end up one two ways one i'm gonna work on my game
or two i'm playing gris and i know ingress is going to be for part of the day because i had
to get out of the house in the morning because wife doesn't know i'm taking the day off god
then i'll have to watch the kids or something like that um so ingress is gonna be part of the
day but it's shitty wetter and i don't really want to be out in the weather like this so i'll
probably try to program maybe maybe or go see dr strange or something all right well that's
gonna do it for another episode of orange lounge radio thank you guys so much for tuning into the
show i have one more final what's that an important thing yeah the truth does not require you to
believe in it to be true whoa i know kung fu just kidding that's true the truth doesn't require you
to believe in it for it to be true like halo beam the classic game of the week nope not gonna happen
because that's false all right and on that note we will see you next time here at orange lounge
radio have a great week everybody and a happy thanksgiving because that's coming up this week
god if you live in america and i'm sorry that just snuck up on us real quick well if you don't
live in a place that celebrates thanksgiving have a turkey sandwich anyway and then take a
sleep take a sleep take a sleep take a sleep take all the sleeps jamie's gonna take a sleep right
now good night everybody you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is
a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6
p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still
true see you next week
you